[1] Chapter 1: Meeting Mr. Philo Vance
[2] This book is compiled by "Xiang Xiang" and edited by the editor of the book. If you don't know what book to read or want to get more free e-books, please add the editor's WeChat or QQ: 2338856113. The editor also wants to make friends with some people who love reading. Or you can follow the editor's personal public WeChat account named "happiness flavor" with the ID: d716-716. To make it more convenient for book lovers to find books and read them, the editor has set up an e-book download website. The name of the website is: Ireadweek. The website address is: http://www.ireadweek.com
[3] Due to my participation in the various events of this story, for those who are fascinated by Mr. Philo Vance's fame, I can't arouse any interest in them. Therefore, in order to satisfy my vanity as a woman, I will make a brief and concise introduction of myself.
[4] I am very young, so young that even the most strict standards cannot refute it. I was born with a pair of sparkling blue eyes - how many imaginative gentlemen have described them so - shining like stars at night, as blue as the sky. A young student from Heidelberg University Preparatory School once compared my hair to honey, but an American lady I met in the French Riviera resort of Antibes was sarcastic and said they looked like a bunch of rotten straw. Recently, when I stood next to the most favored model number 16 at the Claris Salon in Paris, I found that my figure was almost identical to that of the proud and exquisite woman with the charm and perfect beauty.
[5] I am physically intact, with no physical defects, and - a point that even Mr. Vance himself would agree - I have a flexible and clear mind. Some have said that one of my main charms is "innocence and frankness without modesty", and this, I believe, will be proven false in the following content.
[6] That's about it. However, I do feel that I can be described as a "drifting Nordic". From the time I started wearing pigtails and wearing a sailor suit as a schoolgirl, I have been wandering. My journey has made brief stops at some random resting places: for example, I spent two years at a terrible bridal school in London; I spent fourteen months in the artist's haven of the Left Bank of the Seine in Paris until I gave up and realized that my "Percy Sam" name would never be comparable to Gauguin, Matisse, and so on.
[7] I have visited the East like Marco Polo; I have also stormed the gates of Rome like the ancient Carthaginian military commander Hannibal. Furthermore, I am scientifically minded: I tasted absinthe in Tunisia, North Africa, drank the local wine in Lyon, France, and enjoyed the flavor of brandy in Lisbon, Portugal; I also climbed up to the Acropolis on the top of Mount Lycabettus, Athens, and drank the intoxicating air of the poetic sea with a longing delight.
[8] All of this, of course, is thanks to my affluent family, and I have always had a unique character by my side - an old female companion with astigmatism and a good sense of humor.
[9] Travel is like whipped cream, the more you eat, the more you crave, but too much of it can make you tired. At this time, the traveler is like an old man, wanting to return to nature and eat some simple home-cooked food. So, with the determination of a young girl, I bid farewell to the charming old companion in Algiers, North Africa, and set sail to return home. My father's roast beef dinner welcomed me back, and my stomach was comfortable. To be honest, when I planned to bring a well-worn but still charming French edition of Madame Chatterley's Lover into New York, he was really scared. In the two years at the bridal school, this novel had accompanied me through many Nazi-inspired nights in my room; but after solving this little problem, he pushed me out of customs and then we, these two unfamiliar wolves, silently returned to our downtown apartment.
[10] Now, after reading "X's Tragedy" and "Y's Tragedy", I have found that my great and robust father, Inspector Sam, has not mentioned his wandering daughter even once in those passionate chapters. In the kisses at the dock, I realized from his surprised and loving gaze that this was not out of callousness, but that we had drifted
[11] Here follows the story of Mr. Leigh and the case of Allen Darrow, the convict at Algonquin Prison. All of this is just a necessary prelude to explain how the eccentric Percy Sam became involved in this murder case.
[12] During my journey home, I suddenly realized that what I most longed for was to meet this strange genius who lived in the magical castle by the Hudson River.
[13] However, I found that my father was immersed in his work and had no interest in anything else. After retiring from the New York Police Department, he naturally felt bored and aimless after a lifetime of crime cases; he inevitably plunged back into private detective work, and due to his reputation, his venture was a great success from the start.
[14] As for me, I had nothing to do and felt that the education and lifestyle I had received abroad were incompatible with serious life. Perhaps it was inevitable that I resumed everything that had been interrupted in the past. I spent a lot of time in my father's office, pestering him with his complaints and grievances as I used to. He seemed to consider his daughter as a decorative accessory, but my stubbornness finally softened him. On several occasions, he even let me conduct some simple investigations, from which I learned some terms and the modern psychology of crime - these rough training was very helpful for my later analysis of the Darrow case.
[15] But there was another more helpful thing that happened, both to my father and me, that we were surprised to find that I had an extraordinary intuition in observation and reasoning. This also made me realize that I had a very special gift, perhaps stemming from my early environment and my never-ending interest in crime.
[16] My father once complained, "Petty (nickname for Pencils), having you this damn girl around makes me feel embarrassed. God, it's just like being with Philo Vance again!"
[17] I replied, "Dear Inspector, that compliment is greatly appreciated. When do you plan to introduce me to him?"
[18] Three months after my return, the opportunity came unexpectedly. It began as a very simple incident, but it later - just like many clichéd plots - developed into a series of amazing developments, even scaring me, a girl who loves criminal investigation.
[19] One day, a tall, well-dressed man with gray hair came to my father's office. His anxious expression showed that he wanted my father's help. His business card had the golden imprint of "Elias Clay", and he looked at me sharply with his sharp eyes. He sat down, tightly gripping his cane, and introduced himself in a simple and severe manner, like a French banker.
[20] He was the owner of Clay Marble Industries, with the main quarry located in Tirendine County, New York, and his office and residence in Rye, New York. The matter he came to ask my father to investigate was very sensitive and confidential, which was why he traveled all the way to the countryside to find a detective. He insisted that we be extremely, extremely careful...
[21] "I see," Father said with a smile. "Would you like a cigar? Did your safe's money get stolen?"
[22] "No, really! I have... oh... a mysterious partner."
[23] "Ha," Father said, "Tell me about it."
[24] This anonymous partner - since he's now out in the open, there's no reason to call him anonymous - is Dr. Ella Fritch, whose brother is Senator Joel Fritch of Tirellin County, a well-known figure. From my father's furrowed brow, I could tell that Senator Fritch was not a very honest man. Mr. Clay modestly referred to himself as "an old-fashioned honest businessman" and now seemed regretful for letting Dr. Fritch join the company. I deduced that Dr. Fritch must not be a good person, and Mr. Clay suspected that some of the business contracts he handled were not legitimate. The company's business was good - too good to be true. A stack of contracts from various states found their way to Clay Marble Company. Therefore, it was necessary to conduct a discreet and thorough investigation in this situation.
[25] "No evidence?" Father asked.
[26] "Not a shred, sir. He's too slick for that. I only have suspicions. Can you take on this case?" Mr. Clay placed three large checks on the table.
[27] The father looked at me. "Should we, Petty?"
[28] I hesitated. "We're quite busy. We'll have to put other things on hold if we take this on."
[29] Mr. Clay stared at me for a moment before speaking. "I have a suggestion, sir. I don't want Dr. Fawcett to suspect you, but I need your help. How about if Miss Sam and you come to my house as guests? Miss Sam's presence might – allow me to be frank – make things easier."
[30] "Dad, we can handle it," I said, and began making arrangements.
[31] Elias Clay returned to northern New York that day. The next two days, we took care of some pending work, and by Sunday evening, we had packed our bags and were ready to go to Rye.
[32] I remember, when the telegram arrived, I was sitting with my legs stretched out in front of the fireplace, sipping a fine brandy – which I had smuggled in and managed to fool the young and friendly customs officer.
[33] Father slapped his leg and said, "Bruno is still the same! Well, Petty, your chance has come. You've been nagging me about that thing, and now you can do it."
[34] He threw the telegram at me, which read:
[35] Your old comrade is planning to fly out tomorrow to wish Master Rain a happy 70th birthday. He wants to give him a surprise. I know Master Rain has been ill recently and needs someone to cheer him up. If a busy governor can make time, you can do it too.
[36] Looking forward to meeting you there.
[37] "Oh, great!" I exclaimed, spilling half of my drink on my pajamas, "Do you think, uh - do you think he'll like me?"
[38] "Philip Rayne, the man," my father murmured, "is not... not... he hates women. But it seems I have to take you with me. You should go to bed," he chuckled, "Well, Petty, dream well for tomorrow, we have to make that old man surprised. And, uh - Petty, do you really have to drink? I'm not one of those old-fashioned fathers, but -"
[39] I pecked his ugly beak-shaped nose. Poor old dad, he had already done his best.
[40] The Hamlet Manor, where Mr. Philip Rayne resides, is situated on the hills by the Hudson River, and the scenery along the way is just as my father had described, even more enchanting than my imagination. I have traveled through many ancient European landscapes, but I have never seen a place as breathtaking as this. Dense forests, clear roads, a few clouds floating in the sky, a tranquil blue river winding through the foot, and the beauty and serenity are even more beautiful than the Rhine. And that castle is probably transported from the ancient peaks of England by magic carpet, magnificent, grandiose, and ancient.
[41] We crossed a quaint wooden bridge, through a private forest that resembled Robin Hood's Sherwood Forest — I couldn't help but wish that Robin Hood's lively companion Friar Tuck would suddenly jump out from behind and scare us — and then through the castle gates, into the courtyard of the estate. Everywhere we looked were smiling faces, most of them quite old, and Mr. Philip Leroy had taken in many elderly, ailing artists in the castle. My father told me that Mr. Leroy's generosity had sheltered many people.
[42] We met the state governor, Bruno, who was waiting for us. His expression was cheerful, with a square face, short stature, a high forehead, bright and wise eyes, a protruding chin, and a determined look. A state trooper followed him as a bodyguard, constantly patrolling nearby.
[43] But I was too excited to pay much attention to the governor. An old man was walking towards us through the hedges of privet and yew — he looked so old, I couldn't help but be surprised. I had always thought that Mr. Philip Leroy was in his prime, a tall and energetic man, but now I realized that time had been so unkind to him. His broad shoulders had become hunched, his once thick head of hair was now sparse, and wrinkles had etched themselves onto his face and hands, slowing his once lively steps. However, his eyes remained youthful — steady, clear, wise, witty, and talented. His cheeks were rosy, and at first, it seemed he didn't notice me, only gripping my father and Governor Bruno's hands and murmuring, "Oh, it's so good to have you here, so good."
[44] I'm usually not one to get emotional, but at that moment, I felt a lump in my throat and tears welling up in my eyes…
[45] My father rubbed his nose and spoke in a hoarse voice: "Mr. Philip Leroy, allow me to introduce, this is — my daughter."
[46] His old hand grasped mine and looked into my eyes solemnly, "Dear, welcome to Hamlet Manor."
[47] Then I said something that I would be ashamed of later, to be honest, I wanted to show off my intelligence and wit. I had been looking forward to this meeting for a long time, and under the influence of my subconscious, I had completely changed in this moment.
[48] Anyway, I blurted out, "It's an honor, Mr. Renard, you don't know how much – I really –" and then winked – I'm sure it was a wink – and then, without thinking, said, "I think you're planning to write a memoir!"
[49] Of course, I immediately regretted saying such a thoughtless and ignorant thing. I bit my lips and felt extremely embarrassed. My father gasped, and Bruno the Governor was completely stunned. As for Mr. Renard, he raised his eyebrows, staring at my face for a long time with a sharp gaze, and then rubbed his hands and chuckled, "Child, this is quite amazing. Sheriff, you've kept this girl hidden for so long, I won't let you off. What's your name?"
[50] "Percy," I whispered.
[51] "Ah, a Puritan tone. Chief, I dare say that this name is yours, not that of your wife.” He chuckled again, suddenly taking my arm, "You two old fossils come along, we'll catch up later. Amazing, truly amazing!"
[52] "Well," Mr. Lane cleared his throat, waiting for us to come to our senses, "now, Percy, let's look at those amazing things you said.” His voice was in my ear, with a special timbre, deep, calm, and full, like a fine French wine, Morgon, "You said I was considering writing a memoir, is that right? Indeed, what else did you see with those pretty eyes, dear?"
[53] "Oh, I'm really sorry for saying those things... I mean, I shouldn't... I don't want to take up your time, Mr. Lane, you and Governor Bruno and my father haven't seen each other for a long time."
[54] "Nonsense, child. I'm sure we old men still have a lot to learn from Percy." He chuckled again, "Another symbol of aging. What else did you see, Percy?"
[55] "Uh,” I breathed a sigh of relief, "you're learning to type, Mr. Lane."
[56] "Ah!” He looked startled. Father stared at me as if he didn't recognize me.
[57] "And,” I continued modestly, "You're self-taught in typing, Mr. Raine. You're using the touch typing method, not the random key pressing method for beginners.”
[58] "Good heavens! It's karma.” He turned to Father, smiling, "Sergeant, you've truly given birth to a genius. Or maybe you've told Percy some tales about me.”
[59] "Damn! I'm just as surprised as you. What else can I tell her? I don't even know these things. Is she telling the truth?”
[60] Governor Bruno stroked his chin: "Miss Sam, I think the state government in Albany could hire you…"
[61] "Hey, don't get off track," Jury Rine muttered, his eyes shining. "It's a challenge. It's reasoning, eh? Since Peacham could guess it, there must be a clue, I see... From the moment we met, right? First, I walked through the bushes. Then I greeted the inspector, and you, Bruno. Then Peacham and I met, and—handshake. Eureka! Remarkable reasoning... Ha! The hand, of course!” He quickly examined his hand and nodded with a smile. "Dear, it's amazing. Oh, yes! Of course! Learned typing, eh? Inspector, what did you see on my palm?"
[62] He spread his hand, with veins showing, in front of his father's nose. His father blinked.
[63] "Tell me, what clues did you see? It's all right there on my hand!"
[64] We laughed.
[65] "Inspector, this again proves my belief in the importance of paying attention to details in the investigative process. Details are that each of my four fingertips on both hands is worn and cracked, but my thumbs are intact and well-manicured. Clearly, the only activity that could damage all the nails without harming the thumb is typing—learning to type, because the nails are not accustomed to the impact of fingertips on the keys, and they haven't healed yet... Brilliant, Peacham!"
[66] "Well..." the father seemed a bit unhappy.
[67] "Oh, don't be like that, Officer." Mr. Rine laughed, "You're always a skeptic. Yes, yes, Percy, too clever! As for the typing method, it's a clever deduction. Because most beginners use the so-called feel method, which only uses two fingers, so only two nails will be worn; on the contrary, the typing method must use all the fingers except the thumb. He closed his eyes, "So I must have planned to write a memoir! Darling, making bold conclusions based on observed phenomena proves that you have the gift of intuition, observation, and reasoning. Bruno, do you know how this young lady came to her conclusion?"
[68] "Not at all." The governor admitted.
[69] "It's a damn trick," the father muttered, but I noticed that his cigar was out and his hand was trembling slightly.
[70] Mr. Rine chuckled again: "It's simple! Percy would think, why did a seventy-year-old old man suddenly decide to learn typing? It's too abnormal, because he never intended to learn it for fifty years! Right, Percy?"
[71] "Exactly, Mr. Rine, you seem to understand quickly..."
[72] "So, you think, the only possible reason for someone of this age to do such a thing is that he knows his good days are numbered and wants to write down some personal long memories before the end of his life. Of course! It's amazing. But I don't understand, Percy, how did you know I learned on my own? That's a good guess, but my life has always been..."
[73] "Well," I whispered, "it's just a little trick. The basis of reasoning is that, generally speaking, if someone teaches you, they would use all the methods to teach beginners, and they would take the touch typing method. But to help the students remember the position of each letter and not look at the keyboard, the teacher would stick a rubber pad on the keyboard to cover the letters. But if your keyboard is covered with a rubber pad, Mr. Rine, your nails wouldn't break! Therefore, you must have learned on your own."
[74] "Damn it," the father said, staring at me as if I were some sort of bird or freakish creature. However, my little performance of showing off my intelligence did please Mr. Rine, who immediately treated me as a colleague or someone of a higher rank. However, it seems that the father was a bit upset, as he and Mr. Rine have always been at odds in terms of their investigative methods.
[75] We spent the entire afternoon quietly walking in the garden, visiting Mr. Rine's village of pebbles for his colleagues, drinking black beer at the Mermaid Hotel, visiting his private theater, and the vast library that contained an impressive and unique collection of books about Shakespeare. It was the most exciting afternoon of my life, but unfortunately, good times always pass too quickly.
[76] The lavish dinner was held in a medieval-style banquet hall, filled with guests from all over who had come to Hamlet Manor to celebrate Mr. Reen's birthday. They chattered and laughed loudly as they ate and drank. After dinner, the four of us retired to Mr. Reen's private living room, where we sipped Turkish coffee and liqueurs. An old, hunched-over man kept coming and going in the room, looking very old and old. Mr. Reen confirmed that he was over a hundred years old. This was the remarkable Quincey, whom Mr. Reen nicknamed Caliban, and I had heard of and read about in many outstanding novels.
[77] The flickering fire in the fireplace and the tranquility of the oak walls made me feel liberated from the noise of the banquet. I was tired and gratefully relaxed, leaning back in the solemn Tudor-style armchair. My father had gray hair and broad shoulders; the state governor had a protruding chin and was full of vigor; Mr. Reen's face was noble…
[78] It's nice to be here.
[79] Mr. Reen was in high spirits, constantly asking the governor and my father various questions, but when it came to his own affairs, he refused to reveal any details.
[80] "I've had terrible days," he whispered softly, "like withered leaves falling. As Shakespeare said, I should take care of my old body. My doctor is trying to keep my body from being deformed, I'm getting old." Then he smiled softly and waved his hand, "Don't talk about this old man. Detective, you just said you and Percy were planning to go to the interior?"
[81] "Mr. Petti and I are going to the north to handle a case."
[82] "Ah," Mr. Rene's nostrils flared, "handling a case, I almost want to go with you. What kind of case is it?"
[83] The father shrugged. "We don't know much. It's not the kind you'd be interested in. But Governor, you probably would be. I think your brother from Tirelund, Joel Fawcett, is involved in this case."
[84] "It's ridiculous," the governor reacted strongly. "Joel Fawcett is not my friend, and I would be angry if he said he was like me. He's a bad guy who organized a violent gang in Tirelund."
[85] "Good news," the father smiled. "It looks like we'll be very busy. Do you know anything about his brother, Dr. Ella Fawcett?"
[86] I could see that Governor Bruno was surprised. His eyes lit up as he stared into the fire: "Senator Fawcett is the worst kind of con artist politician, but his brother Ella is the real boss behind the scenes. On the surface, it doesn't look like it, but I dare say he's the black hand behind his brother."
[87] "That's right," Father frowned, "Dr. Fawcett is an anonymous partner of Mr. Clay, a marble entrepreneur in Riz City. He believes that some of the Fawcett Agency's contracts are questionable and wants me to investigate. It seems quite ordinary, but finding evidence is difficult."
[88] "I won't envy you, Dr. Fawcett is a slippery old fox. Clay, I know him, he seems nice and has no problems... I'll be particularly interested because the Fawcett brothers have a tough fight coming up this fall."
[89] Mr. Reen closed his eyes and sat weakly in his chair, smiling feebly. I suddenly realized that he couldn't hear anything. Father often mentioned his deafness and lip-reading. But now, his eyelids had shut out the world.
[90] I shook my head impatiently, shaking off those irrelevant thoughts and concentrating on the conversation in front of me. The governor described the situation in Riz City and Tireldon County in his usual exaggerated tone. Next month, a fierce election battle is expected to take place, with a young and energetic district attorney - John Hume - already gaining the support of the opposition party and nominated to run for senator. He is well-liked and admired by local voters for his reputation as a clean and honest prosecutor, which poses a serious threat to Fawcett's re-election. With the support of one of the state's most cunning politicians, Rufus Cotton, young John Hume is campaigning for reform - I think, considering Senator Fawcett's past notorious behavior, the call for reform hits the mark - "the most greedy money-grabbing politician in New York State," Governor Bruno described Senator Fawcett, and there is a state prison in Riz City, Acoma Prison.
[91] Mr. Reen opens his eyes and looks intently at Governor Bruno's lips for a while, and I don't understand why he is so enthusiastic. When he mentions the prison, I see his old eyes suddenly light up.
[92] "Acoma, huh?" he calls, "It's so interesting. A few years ago - Governor Bruno, you weren't governor yet - Vice Governor Morton and Warden Magnus arranged for me to visit the prison, a strange place. I met an old friend there - the chaplain of the prison, Father Mueller. I've known him for a long time - I think, before I met you. He was the guardian of the Black Street district in Manhattan, New York City. Chief, if you see Father Mueller, please convey my sincere regards. It's a great opportunity. My days of investigating prisons are in the past... Are you leaving, Governor Bruno?"
[93] Governor Bruno reluctantly gets up: "I have to go. There are important matters in the legislature, and I've managed to sneak away in the midst of all this."
[94] Mr. Reen's smile disappears, and the lines of age return to his weathered face: "Oh, don't be like that, Governor Bruno. You can't just leave us. Why - we've just started talking..."
[95] "I'm sorry, old man, I really have to go. Sam, will you stay?"
[96] The father stroked his chin, and Mr. Reen quickly interjected: "Chief and Percy, of course, will stay overnight. They're not in a hurry."
[97] "Well, I think we can postpone this Fossett thing," the father said as he stretched his legs and took a deep breath, and I nodded.
[98] However, if we had gone to Richmond that evening, the course of events might have been completely different. At least, we could have seen Dr. Fossett before he embarked on his mysterious journey, and then we could have unraveled many of the subsequent mysteries... However, at the time, we were completely under the spell of Hamlet Manor and stayed overnight.
[99] Governor Bruno left, surrounded by a group of state troopers, with a sense of regret. After he left, I soon fell asleep in the soft sheets of the Tudor-style bed, feeling happy and exhausted, completely unaware of what lay ahead.
[100] Chapter 2: Meeting the Dead
[101] Leeds is a charming and bustling small town nestled at the foot of a conical hill, the center of the agricultural county, surrounded by rolling fields and blue hills. The imposing high walls topped with sentry boxes and the ugly chimneys of the mill prison loomed over the serene countryside and town. Even the green forest on the hill could not soften the scene. I was curious. How many desperate men had been sentenced to this desolate wall, longing for the cool forest just beyond the prison walls, but as far away as Mars to them?
[102] "You'll understand, Petty," my father told me as we stepped off the train and into a taxi, "Most of the people there are hardened criminals. Child, don't waste too much sympathy on them."
[103] Perhaps a lifetime of dealing with criminals had made him callous, but to me, it did not mean they should be cut off from the lush fields and clear skies, and I did not believe any sin could be so grave as to warrant such a cruel punishment.
[104] We were both silent during the short journey to the home of Elijah Clay.
[105] Clay's white-columned colonial-style mansion sat on a hillside on the outskirts of town, and Elijah Clay himself was waiting for us on the porch. He was a gracious and attentive host, and his demeanor gave no hint that we were hired hands. He had the butler show us to comfortable bedrooms, and we immediately felt at ease. For the rest of the afternoon, he regaled us with stories about Leeds and himself - as if we were old friends. We learned that he was a widower, and he spoke mournfully of his late wife, one of her greatest regrets being that she had no daughter to take her place. I found myself greatly changing my opinion of Elijah Clay: when he had come to New York to find us, I had thought him a crass businessman. Over the next few calm days, I grew to like him more and more.
[106] My father and Mr. Clay spent several hours in the study, followed by a whole day at the quarry, located on the banks of the Chard River, several miles from Leeds. My father was gathering information about the case, and from his constant grumbling since the first day, it was clear that he expected the case to be difficult, time-consuming, and ultimately fruitless.
[107] "There's not a shred of written evidence, Petty," he muttered to me, complaining, "This Mr. Fosdick is a demon in disguise, no wonder Mr. Clay came to us for help. This case is much more difficult than I thought."
[108] Despite my sympathy for him, investigating this case won't help much.
[109] Dr. Fosdick was nowhere to be found. He left Leeds on the morning we arrived - while we were still on our way - and no one knows where he went.
[110] It's not surprising that he's always mysterious and secretive about his whereabouts. If I had the chance, I would certainly use my natural charm on him, but I doubt my father would approve of this plan, and it would undoubtedly add a lot of strain to our father-daughter relationship.
[111] The situation became even more complex with the arrival of another character – the second Mr. Clay – a tall, handsome, and charming young man named Jeremy. He had curly chestnut hair and a smirk that hinted at indifference. His name, coupled with his appropriate attire, made him seem like a protagonist straight out of a romance novel. He had recently returned from Dartmouth Harbor for various reasons.
[112] He weighed 190 pounds, had been a tail-end rower on the rowing team, and knew all the American football stars by heart. He only ate vegetables and danced like a cloud when he moved. When he arrived in Rye, he solemnly promised me over dinner that he would crush his diploma and toss it into a shredder, working alongside sweaty Italian stonemasons in his father's quarry, detonating explosives to mine the stone, and getting his hair covered in dust from the explosions. He passionately stated that he would learn to create better marble products, surpassing… his father looked proud yet somewhat skeptical.
[113] I found Jeremy to be a very charming boy. For a few days, his ambition of raising American marble appreciation was put aside as his father had him put down his work to accompany me. Jeremy had a small stable, and we spent several afternoons riding horses. My education abroad soon revealed a certain lack in one area: I had no knowledge of the art of resisting the flirting tactics of American college students.
[114] "You're just a puppy," he smoothly led our horses into a narrow valley with no room to turn, and as he suddenly grabbed my hand while walking, I growled at him.
[115] "Let's be puppies together," he smiled, leaning over on his saddle. I swung my whip and lightly tapped his nose to avoid a minor disaster.
[116] "Ouch!" he exclaimed, jumping back. "That's quite the heart rate, Petty."
[117] "I didn't!"
[118] "You did, and you liked it."
[119] "I didn't!"
[120] "Alright," he said with a knowing smirk. "I can wait." On the way home, he wore a grin that wouldn't quit.
[121] In summary, from that day on, Mr. Jeremy Clay had to ride alone, but he remained the dangerous handsome boy. In fact, I regretfully discovered that I seemed to really enjoy letting such disasters happen.
[122] The storm came upon this idyllic countryside.
[123] Like a sudden summer thunderstorm, it caught us off guard. The news came on a quiet, lazy evening. Jeremy's mood was not good, and for two hours, he kept combing his hair and I kept messing it up, teasing him.
[124] Jeremy vented his anger at his hair in a polite but distant manner, saying "Miss Sam" here and "Miss Sam" there, being overly courteous but lacking warmth. He insisted on bringing me a chair cushion, ordering the kitchen to prepare a heap of exquisite delicacies for my dinner, lighting my cigarettes, pouring me a cocktail - with a hatred of the world, on the surface, he showed polite social manners, but in his tired mind, he was boiling with the idea of self-destruction.
[125] Father came home after sunset, hurriedly, angrily, sweaty, and very agitated. He locked himself in his room, took a bath, and an hour later, he came to the veranda with a cigar. Jeremy was sadly strumming a guitar, and I was softly singing a vulgar song I learned from a café in Marseille. Luckily, I thought, Father didn't understand French. Even Jeremy, immersed in sadness, showed a look of shock. However, perhaps it was the moon and the atmosphere in the air that inspired me, for I still remember, at that time, I dreamily dreamed of walking hand in hand with Jeremy and leaving together...
[126] "Don't bother, Martha," he called to the maid, "I'll take it myself." Then he excused himself and went inside.
[127] His study was on the front side of the house, with windows facing the veranda, so we could hear his conversation clearly through the open windows.
[128] His first words were: "Oh my God," his shocked tone made Father jump, and Jeremy's hand on the strings suddenly stopped. Then, "Horrible, terrible... It's unimaginable - no, I have no idea where he went. He said he'd be back in a few days... Oh, I dare not - I can't believe it!"
[129] Jeremy rushed into the house: "Dad, what happened?"
[130]
[131] Mr. Clay waved his trembling hand, pushing Jeremy out: "What... of course, I'll do that... this matter must be kept secret, but I have a guest who might be able to help... yes, Inspector Sam from New York... yes, him - he retired a few years ago, but you know his reputation... yes, indeed! Sorry, old chap."
[132] He hung up the phone and slowly walked back to the porch, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
[133] In the dim light of the gray walls, Mr. Elias Clay's face was as pale as a mask: "Inspector, I'm glad I called you. Something much more serious than I imagined has happened. It was just now that District Attorney John Hume called, asking about my partner, Dr. Fosdick."
[134] Mr. Clay sat down, smiling sadly, "Just discovered that Senator Fosdick was shot dead in his own study!"
[135] District Attorney John Hume obviously eagerly awaited the father's support in the murder investigation, Mr. Clay tiredly told us that the scene was intact and waiting for the father to come over and look at it. District Attorney Hume requested the father to reach the crime scene as soon as possible. "I'll drive you there," Jeremy said quickly, "right away." Then he ran to the garage and disappeared into the darkness.
[136] "Well, if Hume kicks you out, I won't blame him," my father muttered. "A murder scene isn't a place for a young girl. I don't know -"
[137] "Let's go!" Jeremy called. The car drove onto the driveway, and he seemed surprised to see me climbing into the back seat with my father, but he didn't object. Mr. Clay waved to us as we drove off, telling us he was afraid of seeing blood.
[138] Jeremy drove us down the mountain in silence, his eyes fixed on the road ahead. I turned around to look back, and the lights of the Aiken prison were still on in the distance. We were speeding towards a murder scene where a single life had been taken away, and yet I couldn't help but think of the prison. I was scared, and I clung to my father's broad shoulder. Jeremy remained silent.
[139] We arrived at our destination quickly, but it seemed too long for me. I was about to witness a gruesome murder scene... It felt like hours had passed when we finally drove through two iron gates and stopped in front of a luxurious mansion lit up.
[140] We arrived at our destination quickly, but it seemed too long for me. I was about to witness a gruesome murder scene... It felt like hours had passed when we finally drove through two iron gates and stopped in front of a luxurious mansion lit up.
[141] Cars were everywhere, and the dark courtyard was filled with police officers and detectives. The front door was wide open, and a man stood quietly leaning against the doorframe with his hands in his pockets. Everyone was as quiet as him, with no one speaking and no one making a sound. The only noise was the chirping of crickets.
[142] All the memories of that night remain vivid, with it being an old and unpleasant story for Father, but a chilling and—I'll confess—a morbidly intriguing experience for me. What did a dead person look like? I had never seen a dead person. I had seen my mother's death, but she had a serene and affectionate smile on her face. I believed this dead person would be deformed, with a terrifying expression, a bloody nightmare...
[143] I found myself standing in a large, well-lit study, filled with people. I vaguely remember someone holding a camera, someone holding a small brush, someone pulling out books to flip through, and someone doing nothing. The only clear image was of a solitary figure, who appeared more calm and indifferent than the others.
[144] He was unattractive, a stocky man with a large build, wearing a long-sleeved shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, revealing a hairy, muscular forearm, and wearing worn-out indoor slippers. His face was coarse and rough, with a troubled, rather than angry, expression.
[145] A loud voice spoke up: "Sergeant, look at him."
[146] I watched the room through the floating shadows, thinking how disrespectful it was to the dead. A murdered man sat quietly and indifferently, while the panicked crowd moved around him, invading his privacy, rummaging through his books, photographing his desk, soiling his furniture, and brutally searching his documents... This was Senator Joel Fowcett, the late Senator Fowcett.
[147] The shadows parted, and my gaze fell on the face of a man in a white shirt. Senator Joel Fowcett sat behind a cluttered desk, with his broad shoulders leaning against the edge of the desk, his head tilted slightly to the side, as if inquiring about something. A streak of blood ran from the center to the right side of the shirt, which was sewn with pearl-colored buttons, and a thin paper knife was inserted into his heart, from which the blood seeped out from the exposed handle. Blood, I vaguely thought, looked like dried red ink... Then a nervous little man burst into my view, blocking the corpse, and I later learned that he was Dr. Burr, the coroner of Tillend County. I took a deep breath, shook my head, and tried to shake off the sudden dizziness. I couldn't let my weakness show in front of my father and these men...
[148] Someone was speaking, and I looked up to see a pair of young eyes. My father was saying something - I heard the name "Hume" - and I realized that the man in front of me was the current district attorney of Tillend County, and - oh, heavens! - the opponent in the deceased's election... John Hume was tall, almost as tall as Jeremy - oh, where was Jeremy - and had a pair of very pretty and intelligent black eyes. Suddenly, a small sense of guilt arose in me, dissolving those shameful thoughts. Don't provoke this man. His thin face wore a yearning expression, yearning for what? Power? Or the truth?
[149] "Hello, Miss Sam," he said cheerfully, his voice deep and fluent, "The inspector said you're also involved in detective work. Are you sure you want to stay?"
[150] "Absolutely." I tried my best to sound indifferent, but my lips were dry, and my voice trembled. His eyes lit up.
[151] "Oh, that's good." He shrugged. "Chief, are you going to examine the body?"
[152] "Your coroner is much more capable than me. Have you checked his clothes?"
[153] "There's nothing special about the body."
[154] "He wasn't waiting for a woman," my father murmured. "It couldn't have been like this. Look at his lips and the manicured fingernails, he couldn't have received female guests dressed like this... Is he married, Hume?"
[155] "No."
[156] "What about a girlfriend?"
[157] "Several, Inspector. To be more precise, he wasn't very good at charming women, and I believe there were many women who wanted to stab him."
[158] "Do you have a specific suspect in mind?"
[159] Their eyes met.
[160] "No," John Hume said, turning away, and then nodded at the door as a short, stout, and muscular man with drooping ears approached us. Hume introduced him as the local police chief, Kenyon. His fish-like, gelatinous eyes immediately repelled me, and I sensed a hateful gaze from him as he looked at the back of my father.
[161] The anxious little man, Dr. Boll, held a large ink pen in his hand and wrote something on a sheet of official paper before straightening up and putting the pen in his pocket.
[162] "So, what's your conclusion, Doctor?" Chief Inspector Keneen asked.
[163] "Murder," Dr. Boll said quickly. "Without a doubt. From any perspective, it's murder, not suicide. Not to mention the fatal wounds; it's impossible for him to have inflicted them himself."
[164] "So, more than one wound means what?" Father asked.
[165] "Yes, Father Westcott was stabbed twice in the chest, as you can see. Both wounds bled heavily. However, the first wound was severe but not fatal, so the killer stabbed him again to be on the safe side."
[166] He lightly tapped the edge of the paper knife that had been stuck in the dead man's chest, which he had already pulled out and placed on the desk, where a thin blade was covered with a deep red clot. One of the detectives picked up the knife and sprinkled gray powder on it.
[167] "Can you be sure," John Hume interrupted, "that it's not suicide?"
[168] "Absolutely. The angles and directions of both wounds point to murder. However, there's one more thing you should look at, it's quite interesting."
[169] Dr. Boll walked around the desk and stood in front of the corpse, as if he were going to explain a work of art. Then, in a completely emotionless manner, he raised the stiff right arm of the dead man. The skin was pale, the long hair on the forearm shone strangely, almost making me forget that this was a corpse...
[170] There were two spots on the forearm, one a sharp and long cut above the wrist with traces of blood, and another about four inches higher, blurred and broken, as if it had been scratched, looking very strange.
[171] "Now," the coroner said cheerfully, "the cut on the wrist is undoubtedly made by the paper knife, at least, he quickly added, "or something as sharp as a paper knife."
[172] "What about the other wound?" the father frowned.
[173] "My doubts are the same as yours. I can only confirm that this broken scratch is not caused by the murder weapon."
[174] I licked my lips and whispered, "Doctor, can you be sure when these two wounds on the arm were inflicted?"
[175] Suddenly, everyone turned to look at me. Hume hesitated to speak, the father looked thoughtful, and the coroner smiled. "Good question, young lady. Yes, I can confirm. The two wounds occurred very close together - both during the time of the murder - almost simultaneously with the murder."
[176] The detective who had just examined the weapon stood up with a look of disgust. "There are no fingerprints on the knife," he announced. "It's a mess."
[177] "Well," said Dr. Bull cheerfully, "that's all I can do. Of course, I know you're waiting for the official autopsy report, but I don't think there's anything else to find. What you need to do now is find someone from the welfare department to take this guy away."
[178] He closed his tool bag, and two men in uniform entered. One was chewing gum vigorously, and the other kept sniffing his nose - it was red and wet. These details stayed with me, and I couldn't forget the callous process completely. I turned my head gently…
[179] The two men walked to the desk and placed a four-handled basket-shaped object on the floor. They grabbed the victim's armpits and grunted as they lifted the body off the chair and dropped it into a wooden crate with a thud. They bent down, still chewing gum and sniffing, and carried the basket away.
[180] I breathed a sigh of relief, but it took me a long time to work up the courage to approach the desk and the empty chair. At that moment, I noticed Jeremy Clay's tall shadow appear in the hall, standing next to the policeman leaning against the doorframe, staring at me.
[181] "By the way," the coroner's voice rang out as he headed towards the door with his briefcase, "when did this guy die?" His gaze conveyed a sense of disapproval, and I guessed it was because of the carelessness in the investigation process. Clearly, his meticulous ways in New York City were quite different from Chief Inspector Kenean's laid-back attitude. The latter was lazily pacing around the study, while Dr. Bull happily whistled.
[182] "Oh! I forgot," Dr. Bull said. "I can give you an exact time of death. It was 10:20 p.m. tonight. Yes, 10:20 p.m., neither too early nor too late, 10:20 p.m…" He smacked his lips, tapped his head, and disappeared through the door.
[183] Father glanced at his watch and grunted, "He's being too confident." He muttered under his breath.
[184] John Hume impatiently shook his head and headed towards the door: "Call that Carmichael guy."
[185] "Who's Carmichael?"
[186] "Senator Vesite's secretary. Chief Inspector Cain said he could provide us with a lot of useful information. Anyway, we'll soon find out."
[187] "Did you find any fingerprints, Chief Inspector Cain?" Father called out, eyeing the police chief with contempt.
[188] Chief Inspector Cain jumped, having been distracted by a toothpick he was using to pick his teeth. He took the toothpick out of his mouth, frowned, and asked one of his subordinates, "Did you find any fingerprints?"
[189] The man shook his head. "No outsiders. Senator Vesite's fingerprints are all over the place, as well as Mr. Camichael's. Whoever did it was a fan of detective novels and wore gloves on their hands."
[190] "He wore gloves," Chief Inspector Cain said, putting the toothpick back in his mouth.
[191] John Hume stood by the door, calling out, "Can you bring that person over here quickly?" The father shrugged, lit a cigar, and I could tell he was very disgusted with the whole thing.
[192] I felt a hard edge lightly pressing against my hip, turned around, and saw Jeremy smiling, holding a chair in his hand.
[193] "Take a break, Sherlock," he said. "If you insist on staying here, you might as well take a break from your heavy thoughts and enjoy the beautiful feet."
[194] "Please!" I muttered angrily, this was not the place for flirting.
[195] He smiled and pushed me back into the chair. No one noticed us, so I gave up the idea of resisting and glanced at my father.
[196] His cigar stopped two inches from his lips, and his eyes were fixed on the door.
[197] Chapter 3: The Black Box
[198] A man stood at the door, looking at the desk. When he saw the empty chair, his thin face showed a look of surprise. Then he shifted his gaze, meeting the prosecutor's eyes, and sadly nodded. As he entered the room, he stood motionless in the center of the carpet, exuding an air of utmost composure. He was not much taller than me, with a sturdy build and a physique that gave a subtle impression of a wild animal. His demeanor and appearance were strange, unlike that of a secretary. He appeared to be around forty years old, but his aura did not show his age.
[199] I looked at my father again, and his cigar was still in the same position, with a look of unreserved astonishment on his face, staring at the person who had just entered.
[200] The deceased's secretary was looking at my father, and I tried to find any hint of familiarity between them, but I could not detect any trace of it in his straightforward gaze. He looked around, his gaze lingering on me, and I could sense that he was a little surprised, although it was understandable that anyone would be surprised to see a woman in such a terrible murder scene.
[201] I turned to look at my father again, who was quietly smoking his cigar, his face devoid of any expression, as if no one had noticed his brief moment of distraction.
[202] However, I knew that he recognized Michael Kemble, and although he showed no sign of it, I was certain that he had been momentarily shocked. I thought to myself that one must be careful when dealing with a person who could control his emotions so perfectly.
[203] "Michael Kemble," John Hume began, "Commissioner Kenyon said you have something important to tell us."
[204] The secretary's eyebrows raised slightly: "That depends on what you mean by 'important,' Mr. Hume. Of course, I discovered the body—"
[205] "Yes, yes," the prosecutor's voice was devoid of emotion. "The secretary of Senator Baskerville—I suspected something was amiss—tell us what happened tonight."
[206] "After dinner, Senator Fulton called his three servants—the cook, the butler, and the footman—to the study and told them to go out for the evening. He—"
[207] "How do you know all this?" Hume asked suddenly.
[208] Kammel smiled. "I was there."
[209] Inspector Kenyon bent down. "Yes, Mr. Hume, I just spoke with the servants. They went to the movies in town, and they came back about half an hour ago."
[210] "Continue, Kammel."
[211] "The senator sent the servants away and then asked me to go out too. I finished writing a few letters for the senator and then left."
[212] "Isn't that unusual?"
[213] The secretary shrugged. "Not at all. He often has - uh - private matters to attend to and it's not unusual for him to send us away. Anyway, I came back early and found the front door open -"
[214] "When you left," the father's voice rumbled, the secretary's smile froze, then returned to normal, politely waiting for the father to ask the question. I pondered, his demeanor impeccable, suddenly I realized, how could a mere secretary have the ability to handle such a perfect situation, "Did you leave the door closed when you left?"
[215] "Oh, yes! Maybe you noticed, there's a spring lock on the door. Only the senator and I have keys, so I assume the senator must have known who came in."
[216] "Please, don't speculate," Hume interjected. "You need to understand, it creates a preconceived impression! You came back and found the door open, then what?"
[217] "I became suspicious and felt something was off, so I ran into the room and saw the senator's body, sitting in the chair, leaning against the desk, just as Mr. Kennen saw it when he arrived. Of course, after finding the body, the first thing I did was call the police."
[218] "Did you touch the body?"
[219] "Certainly not."
[220] "Well, what time was it, Mr. Campbell?"
[221] "It was exactly 10:30. As soon as I discovered the Senator had been murdered, I looked at my watch, knowing these details would be important."
[222] Hume looked at his father: "Interesting, isn't it? He found the body ten minutes after the crime happened... You didn't see anyone leaving the house?"
[223] "No. It's possible I was preoccupied with other thoughts when I came in, and it was quite dark. If the killer heard me come in, they could easily hide in the bushes and escape once I went inside."
[224] "That's right, Hume," his father suddenly said, "What did you do after you called the police?"
[225] "I waited at the door, and the Commissioner arrived shortly after, within less than ten minutes of my call."
[226] The father slowly walked towards the door, gazed at the hallway outside, then came back and nodded: "Did you see or hear anyone leaving during this time while you were watching the door?"
[227] Carmichael firmly shook his head, "No one left or tried to leave. The door to the study was open when I came in, so I didn't close it, and even when I was on the phone, I faced the door, so I would have seen anyone who passed by. I am certain that there was only me in the house at the time."
[228] "I'm afraid I don't understand...," John Hume's voice held a hint of annoyance.
[229] Inspector Kenyon interrupted Hume with a hoarse baritone: "The killer must have left before Carmichael found the body. He couldn't have escaped after we arrived, and we've thoroughly searched the entire house."
[230] "What about other exits?" the father asked.
[231] Cane spit a glob of phlegm onto the fireplace behind the desk before answering: "There's no way out," he sneered, "We found that every exit was locked from the inside, and the windows were also locked."
[232] "Oh, never mind," said Linmur, "we're wasting time," he walked to the desk and picked up the blood-stained paper knife, "Carmichael, do you recognize this knife?"
[233] "Yes, I recognize it, Mr. Hume. It's the senator's knife, always on the desk." He glanced at the weapon and turned his head slightly, "Is there anything else you need to ask? I'm feeling a bit unwell..."
[234] Uncomfortable! This person is like a bacterium, not knowing what tension is.
[235] The prosecutor threw the knife back onto the desk: "Do you know any clues about this murder case? Any suggestions?"
[236] He looked genuinely sad. "No, Mr. Hume. Of course, you understand, the Senator has made many enemies over the years in politics..."
[237] Hume slowly said, "What do you mean?"
[238] Campbell looked miserable. "What do I mean? I mean what I said. You know, many people hate the Senator, and there are probably many who want to kill him - including women..."
[239] "I see," Hume murmured. "Well, that's all for now. Please wait outside."
[240] Campbell nodded and smiled as he left the study.
[241] Father dragged the prosecutor aside, and I heard his deep voice murmuring in Hume's ear, asking questions about Senator Fuchs: his close friends, his corrupt activities in the political arena, and even asking about McMichael. Curiously, none of them seemed interested in checking the items on the desk.
[242] Commissioner Keneen continued to pace around the room, staring stupidly at the walls and ceiling.
[243] The desk in the corner of the room caught my attention, and I wanted – in fact, I had wanted since questioning McMichael – to muster up the courage to go over and take a look. The items on the desk seemed to be crying out for me to check them out. I couldn't understand why Father, the prosecutor, and Commissioner Keneen didn't take the time to carefully examine the items on the desk.
[244] I looked around, and no one was watching me.
[245] I quickly crossed the room, and Jeremy grinned at me. There was no time to waste, and I was worried that the others' machismo would prevent me from doing what I needed to do, so I headed straight for the desk.
[246] In front of the chair where the senator's body had been sitting, there was a green blotter on the desk. On top of the blotter was a stack of thick and smooth note cards, half covering the desk, with the top card clean and untouched. I carefully lifted the stack of note cards and discovered something strange.
[247] The senator had been sitting very close to the desk, with his body pressed against the edge of the table, so I remembered that the blood from his chest wound had not stained his pants, and there were no bloodstains on the chair according to what I saw now. However, there was a bloodstain on the green blotter. The bloodstain was inconsistent, with a small irregular circular dark spot at the bottom corner of the stack of note cards. This meant that when I lifted the stack of note cards from the green blotter, I saw a fresh green blotter with an irregular circular dark spot, but the stack of note cards on top had only a small bloodstain on the side of one corner, with the rest of the cards clean.
[248] It was too obvious! I looked around, and my father and Hume were still whispering to each other, while Keene was mechanically pacing. Jeremy and several uniformed men, however, were staring sternly at me. I hesitated, perhaps this was not a wise move... but I couldn't resist the urge to test a theory. I made up my mind and bent over the desk to start counting the stack of note cards. Were they new?
[249] It seemed so, but... there were ninety-eight of them, and if I wasn't mistaken, the cover should indicate the number of sheets in the stack...
[250] Indeed! I was right. The cover told me that a complete, unused stack of note cards should have exactly one hundred sheets.
[251] I felt my father's hand on my shoulder: "Messing around again, Petty?" He asked gruffly, his eyes brightening as he looked at the notepads I had just placed back. Hume glanced at me disinterestedly and turned away. I thought, "What an attitude, Mr. Hume! Thank you so much for your generosity!" I quickly dismissed the idea of rubbing it in.
[252] "Now, let's see that thing, Kenyon," he said cheerfully. "I'd like to hear what Sergeant Sam has to say about it."
[253] Kenyon grunted, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a very peculiar item.
[254] [254] "Now, let's see that thing, Kenyon," he said cheerfully. "I'd like to hear what Sergeant Sam has to say about it."
[255] Kenyon grunted, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a very peculiar item.
[256] However, the important thing is that this thing was only a "part" of the miniature box, as there was a neat sawn-off edge along the right side, and the blackened fingernails of the dirty fingers holding the box were only two inches wide. If we estimate the height of the box, the original box should have been six inches wide, but this part was only two inches wide, so it was only a third of the original.
[257] "Put it in your pipe and smoke it," Kennen sneered at my father. "What do you think, big city cop?"
[258] "Where did you find this thing?"
[259] "Right there on the table, obviously. It was there when we arrived, right behind the note and facing the body."
[260] "So, what do you think?"
[261] "That's odd," the father muttered, taking the object from Kenneth's hand and examining it closely.
[262] The lid of the small square box - or rather, the lid that has been cut off a portion - is only attached to the box by a small hinge, and there is nothing inside. The interior of the box is not painted, but the wood surface is spotless. On the front of the box, there are two tarnished gold letters: HE. "What the hell does that mean?" the father asked, looking at me blankly.
[263] "Mysterious, isn't it?" Hume smiled, as if he had just posed a small challenge.
[264] "Of course," I pondered, "these two letters may not be related to 'he' at all."
[265] "Miss Sam, how do you know that?"
[266] "I believe, Mr. Hume," I tried to sound as sweet as possible, "that a man of your discernment would immediately think of the literal meaning. But we women, you know -"
[267] "I don't think it matters much," Hume interrupted me, his smile fading, "Mr. Kenyon's opinion is the same. However, we can't ignore any possible leads. Inspector, what do you think?"
[268] "Miss Sum has reminded us of another possibility," the father said, "it might be the first two letters of a word, in which case it would not represent 'he'. Additionally, it could be the first word of a sentence."
[269] Kenyon snorted derisively.
[270] "Were any fingerprints lifted from this?"
[271] Hume nodded, looking perplexed: "Only Mr. Buxton's, no one else's."
[272] "Found on the desk," the father murmured. "Did the desk have this box on it before Mr. Campbell left tonight?"
[273] Hume raised an eyebrow: "Honestly, I don't see the point of asking these questions. But let's bring Mr. Campbell in to clarify."
[274] He sent someone to fetch the secretary, and Mr. Campbell soon entered, his calm face bearing a respectful yet questioning expression, before his gaze settled on the wooden box in the father's hand.
[275] "Looks like you found it," he said quietly. "Interesting, isn't it?"
[276] Hume tensed: "Do you recognize it? Do you know anything about this thing?"
[277] "It's a strange little story, Mr. Hume, that I never had the chance to tell you or Mr. Kenyon..."
[278] "Wait a moment," the father said slowly, "Did this thing have the senator's desk when you left tonight?"
[279] Carmichael almost imperceptibly smiled: "No."
[280] "Then we can say," the father continued, "that it is sufficient to prove that it was either Fuchs or the killer who deliberately placed the plate on the desk. Important enough, Hume?"
[281] "Perhaps you're right, I didn't think of that."
[282] "Of course, we can't draw any conclusions. For example, the senator could have taken the box out himself while he was alone in the room, and if so, the box would have nothing to do with the murder. However, based on my experience, such situations - where things are left in plain sight - are usually intentional, indicating that they are related to the death of the deceased. Make your own judgment, I can only say that this thing needs to be investigated."
[283] "Perhaps," McMichael said softly, "before reaching a conclusion, you should hear what I have to say. This wooden box has been in Senator's desk for several weeks, just in this drawer."
[284] "What does that mean?" the prosecutor asked quickly.
[285] "Senator Baxter is a neat freak, everything is neatly arranged. I happened to see it yesterday, the drawer was well-organized, but now the files are all disheveled. He would never allow that, I dare say, someone searched this drawer!"
[286] "What are you talking about?" Chief Justice Kane barked at his men. "Who went through this desk?" - everyone denied it - "Strange," he muttered, "I specifically told them not to touch this desk, who the hell…"
[287] "Calm down, Kane," the father said, "it's probably the work of the killer. Now, Carmichael, what's the significance of this thing?"
[288] "I wish I could tell you, Chief," the secretary answered regretfully, their gaze meeting without any hint of deception, "the meaning of this box is a mystery to me as well, as is the way it appeared. Several weeks ago - I think it was three weeks ago - this thing… no, let me start from the beginning."
[289] "Hurry up."
[290] Carmichael sighed: "Mr. Hume, Senator Weston knew he was facing a tough election campaign -"
[291] "Oh, really?" Humphrey nodded coldly. "So, what's his plan?"
[292] "Senator believes that playing the role of a savior for the poor will help his reputation during the election," Carmichael continued. "So, he plans to hold a charity sale for the products made by prison inmates—of course, from Aroonk Prison—and use the proceeds as an unemployment fund for Tillford County."
[293] "That's front-page news in The Ritz Observer," Humphrey interjected dryly. "Cut to the chase, what's the connection between this box and the charity sale?"
[294] "Senator got the approval from the State Prison Committee and Warden Magnus to do this," Carmichael said. "About a month ago, he contacted the warden to arrange for samples of the prison products to be sent over for promotional purposes." Carmichael paused, his eyes shining. "There was a box of toys made by the woodworking department in the prison, and that's where this little box appeared!"
[295] "So, how do you know about this?" the father asked softly.
[296] "I opened the box," replied Carmichael.
[297] "So, it was mixed in with other cheap toys?"
[298] "Not exactly, Chief. It was wrapped in a dirty piece of paper, with a pencil note saying it was for the senator, and there was a letter inside the package addressed to the senator as well."
[299] "Letter!" exclaimed Hume. "Why, for heaven's sake, why didn't you mention it before? Have you read it? What does it say?"
[300] Carmichael's face fell. "I'm sorry, Mr. Hume, but since it was addressed to the senator, I couldn't—as soon as I saw the note on the package, I handed it over to the senator, as he was sitting at his desk waiting to examine the samples. It wasn't until he opened the package that I glanced inside and saw what was inside. I swear, when he saw the box, his face turned deathly pale, and he trembled as he opened the envelope, and he asked me to leave—he personally opened the rest of the boxes."
[301] "Too bad, too bad," Hume said sharply, "so you don't know where the letter is. Or did Mr. Fuchs destroy it?"
[302] "After I transported the toys and other boxes to the charity sale in the city, I noticed that the box was not in the box with the toys. About a week later, I happened to see it in the top drawer of the desk; as for the letter, I haven't seen it since."
[303] "Wait, Mr. Hume," Hume said, whispering to Kenyon, who looked displeased, and called three policemen, one of whom immediately walked over to the desk and knelt down, rummaging through the drawers; the other two policemen went outside.
[304] "Hmm, Mr. Hume," the father said, thoughtfully, eyeing the end of his cigar, "Did you say who delivered the boxes with the toys? You mentioned it just now?"
[305] "Did I? It was the model prisoners from various departments who delivered them, of course, I didn't pay attention to their appearance."
[306] "Can you tell me, Cameron, were the boxes of toys sealed when the model prisoners brought them?"
[307] Cameron stared at the father. "Oh, I see, you think the delivery person might have opened the box and put the package inside on the way? I don't think so. The seal was intact, and if there were any signs of tampering, I would have noticed."
[308] "Ha," the father said, tapping his lips. "Well, that narrows it down. Hume, thank goodness, it was the prisoners. You said these details don't matter!"
[309] "I was wrong," Hume admitted, his eyes flashing with a boyish excitement. "And, Miss Sam, do you think this is important too?"
[310] His tone dripped with a patronizing condescension that annoyed me. Acting like he was doing me a favor again! I raised my chin defiantly and said through gritted teeth, "Dear Mr. Hume, I'm sure what I think is of no consequence to you."
[311] "Oh, don't be like that. I didn't mean to upset you. What do you think about this wooden box incident now?"
[312] "I think," I replied sharply, "that you all have blinders on."
[313] Chapter 4: The Fifth Letter
[314] During my first summer back in New York after being abroad, I spent a lot of time catching up on American culture. I read a lot of popular magazines, particularly fascinated by the typical American success stories depicted in the ads. One ad in particular caught my attention: "I sat down at the piano and they laughed at me; when I began to play, they smiled." The subject of the ad exuded a natural, effortless air of sophistication that left his friends in awe, given his previously humble working-class background.
[315] Now, I envied those amateur musicians in the ad. John Humphrey was smiling smugly, and even that annoying Kenyon was humming, as were the state troopers and police officers – even Jeremy Clay chuckled when I said my previous statement. In short, when I declared that they were all blind, everyone looked at me with a mocking smirk.
[316] Unfortunately, at that moment, I couldn't prove how terrible their blindness was, so I made a malicious grimace and vowed in my heart to make them drop their jaws in surprise someday. Looking back now, that idea was really childish and ridiculous at the time. When I was a child, whenever my traveling companion, the old lady, refused my sudden whims – which happened many times – I would secretly curse her, hoping that the poor old lady would suffer the most terrifying retribution. But at that moment, I was pitifully sincere, and I turned my back on their laughter and walked to the desk, feeling my stomach ache with anger.
[317] Poor Dad was terribly embarrassed, his face turning red to his ears, and he glared at me fiercely.
[318] To cover up my confusion, I began to pay attention to the neatly stacked envelopes on the corner of the desk, which were sealed and had no stamps. They had been typed with a typewriter and had addresses printed on them. I was studying them carefully when John Hume – I guess he was a bit regretful for embarrassing me earlier – turned to Carmichael and said, "By the way, those letters, Miss Sam, thank you for reminding us. Brother, was it you who typed them?"
[319] "What?" Carmichael was startled, as if he was completely absorbed in his own world. "Yes, those letters, that's right. After dinner tonight, Senator dictated them to me to remember, and then I printed them out on my own typewriter according to Senator's instructions. My office is the small room next to the study."
[320] "Are there any special things about those letters?"
[321] "I'm sure they have nothing to do with Senator's murder," Carmichael said sadly, "Actually, I think these letters have nothing to do with the visitors Senator had arranged. I say this based on his reactions when I handed them to him. He quickly read them, signed them, folded them, and put them in envelopes and sealed them - the whole process was very absent-minded and hurried. I clearly felt that he just wanted to get rid of me as soon as possible."
[322] Hume nodded: "I think you have copies of these letters, right? We can check them, can't we, Chief? These letters might give us some clues."
[323] Carmichael walked to the desk and took out several sheets of smooth pink paper from the wire basket of the file on the desk. Hume quickly glanced at them and shook his head, handing them to his father. I went over to take a look.
[324] I was shocked to see that the top one was addressed to Elijah Clay.
[325] Father looked at me, and I looked back at him, and then went back to the letter. After the usual recipient's address, it read:
[326] Dear Elijah,
[327] I have a friendly tip for you, of course, hoping that you won't reveal the content or the source of the information to anyone else, just like before, treating it as our little secret between us two.
[328] In the upcoming budget for Tirelin County next year, there will be a million-dollar allocation for the construction of a state courthouse. You know, the old courthouse is already in a state of disrepair and is on the verge of collapse. A few of us on the budget committee are working hard to push for this budget proposal to be approved. I can't let my constituents say that Joel Bates doesn't care about the people of our hometown.
[329] We all agree that we should spare no expense to make the new courthouse look its best, so we must use the finest marble.
[330] I believe you'll be "interested" in this point.
[331] Your ever faithful friend,
[332] "A friendly piece of information, eh?" his father exclaimed. "That's a bold move, no wonder you people are eager to dig up dirt on him." He lowered his voice and cautiously glanced over at the corner where Jeremy stood, staring at his cigarette, puffing on his fifteenth one, "Do you think this letter is genuine?"
[333] Hume smirked coldly: "No, I don't think so. It's just an old trick that the late senator used to pull. Old Clay is fine, don't let this letter fool you. The letter feigns a brotherly tone, but Clay and Bates are not on such terms."
[334] "Could it be a deliberate attempt to leave evidence?"
[335] "Yes, this copy seems to suggest that Elijah Clay was also an accomplice in the illegal profiting from the marble contract. In the letter, the 'good friend' Senator Bates, also the brother of Clay's partner, leaks some confidential information to Clay, and from the content, there have been many similar situations in the past. If this fraud is exposed, Clay will be guilty just like the two brothers."
[336] "Well, I'm glad for the boy. The guy is too dirty!... Petty, look at the second one, it's always learning something new."
[337] The second copy was a letter to the editor of the "Rice Observer."
[338] "It's the only newspaper in town," the prosecutor explained, "always bold in opposing the Fosdick crowd."
[339] The formal letter read:
[340] Your newspaper's editorial today is false and inappropriate, distorting certain facts about my political career.
[341] I demand a correction from your newspaper and inform the honest citizens of Ritz and Tillington County that your defamatory statements about my personal character are baseless.
[342] "Old hat," said the father, tossing the copy aside. "Petty, look at the next one."
[343] Dear Warden:
[344] I have submitted a recommendation to the State Prison Board regarding promotions at Aroostook Prison for next year. Please check your mail.
[345] Sincerely, Joel Forsyte
[346] "Good heavens, does this guy even want a slice of the prison's bread?" exclaimed the father. "Is this some kind of barbecue?!"
[347] John Hume snorted, "Now you should understand how much power this 'poor man's savior' has, he even wants to manipulate the votes in the prison through the appointment of staff. I don't know how much influence his recommendation has on the State Prison Board, but even if it doesn't, he's created an image of benevolent generosity, akin to Harun al-Rashid (the fifth Abbasid caliph of the Abbasid Caliphate, known for his love of poetry and music, and his absolute power of life and death, and his wealth and debauchery), bestowing his blessings upon all."
[348] The father shrugged and picked up the fourth letter, chuckling softly, "Poor old fool, another old-fashioned dirty trick. Petty, you see, another audacious letter."
[349] Dear Bruno:
[350] Several colleagues in the state legislature have informed me that you publicly expressed your opinion on my re-election as Senator of Tirend County.
[351] I must warn you: if Tilton County allows Hume to be elected - he has decided to run - the political backlash will greatly affect your future re-election, Tilton County is the strategic center of the state's election, have you forgotten?
[352] For your own sake, I advise you to consider thoroughly before slandering the character and contributions of an outstanding senator in your own party.
[353] Joel Ford
[354] "Honestly, I almost cried.” The father threw the copies back into the basket, "God, I want to wash my hands of this guy. He deserves to be stabbed in the chest... Is there anything wrong, Petty?”
[355] "The problem is right here,” I said slowly, "Dad, how many copies are there?”
[356] He looked at me with wide eyes: "Four, what's wrong?"
[357] "Oh, there are 'five' envelopes on the desk!"
[358] I felt a little relieved when I saw the prosecutor's face pale and grab the stack of typed envelopes.
[359] "Sam Miss spoke the truth!" he exclaimed, "McMichael, what's going on? Did the senator dictate several letters?"
[360] The secretary looked shocked: "Only four, Mr. Hume, the four you saw the copies of."
[361] Hume quickly checked them and handed them to us. The one for Elyot Chalmers was on top, with the dried blood stains, followed by a letter to the editor-in-chief of the "Ridge Observer," with the words "Open Sesame" written in the corner and underlined. The third one was to the warden, with backstitch marks on the edges and a note in the bottom right corner: "Reference letter file number 245, Agnew promotion case." The envelope addressed to the governor of Bruno was sealed with the senator's personal blue wax and also had the words "Open Sesame" written in the corner and underlined.
[362] When Hume stopped to examine the fifth envelope - the one without a copy - he checked it for a long time, his eyes eager and his lips pursed as he breathed a soft sigh.
[363] "Fanny Kaiser," he said, "some leads, huh?" And he called us over to look. There was no typing, just the name, address, and "New York City, Ridge," written in black ink, in bold, exaggerated handwriting with a distinct personal touch.
[364] "Who is Fanny Kaiser?" my father asked.
[365] "Oh, a very influential citizen of the city," the prosecutor answered in a mysterious tone, as he opened the envelope. I noticed that Chief Inspector Keneen looked tense and clumsily hurried over, while the other standing policemen exchanged knowing glances, with a suggestive, almost lecherous look that men only give each other when talking about a woman with questionable morals.
[366] The letter inside was handwritten, just like the envelope, with the same exaggerated handwriting - Hume began to read it aloud, but stopped after the first word, glancing to the side, then switched to silent reading, his eyes bright, and passed it to Kenean, the father, and me, turning his back to the others and giving us a subtle warning not to read aloud.
[367] The letter began without a salutation, jumping straight into the subject and ending without a signature:
[368] I suspect the phone has been tapped by C, so don't call. I will write to inform Ella of the change in plans and tell him about our conversation yesterday and your suggestion.
[369] Don't make any moves, leak any information, we're not beaten yet. And send Maggie over, I have an idea to deal with our friend H.
[370] "Is this in the handwriting of Busic?" asked the father.
[371] "Undoubtedly. What do you think now?"
[372] "C, maybe," whispers Kenyon. "Oh, God, he doesn't mean –?" He glances furtively at the other end of the room, where Carmichael is whispering to Jeremy.
[373] "I'm not surprised," mutters Hume. "Just as I thought! That secretary fellow seemed a bit odd to me. I'll have a few men check the phone lines in this house," Hume says quietly, walking quickly to the door, where a detective is idly wandering, like a duchess strolling through a spacious garden. "Go now."
[374] The detective nods and wanders off slowly.
[375] "Mr. Hume," I ask, "Who is Maggie?"
[376] He raised an eyebrow, "I believe this Miss Maggie must be a young lady who is very proficient in some aspect."
[377] "I see. It's just that, Mr. Hume, why didn't you just come out and say it? I'm an adult, after all. And, I assume 'Friend H' of Senator Baskerville is you, isn't it?"
[378] Hume shrugged helplessly: "It seems so. It appears that my esteemed opponent is planning to use his famous 'trap' to prove that John Hume is not as morally upright as he claims. Maggie must have been sent to seduce me and incriminate me, as has happened before, and I am certain that there will be a multitude of people who will prove me to be – uh – a lecher."
[379] "Well said, Mr. Hume!" I retorted sweetly, "Are you married?"
[380] He smiled: "Why... Do you mean something?"
[381] The detective who had been dispatched to check the phone lines returned, sparing me from further embarrassment.
[382] "The lines outside this room are fine, Mr. Hume, I'm going to check the phone lines in this room now—"
[383] "Wait," Mr. Hume said hurriedly, then raised his voice, "Oh, Constable Campbell, there's no need to worry now. Please wait outside for a moment."
[384] Constable Campbell calmly left the room, and the detective immediately checked the phone on the desk, fiddling with it for a while.
[385] "It's hard to say," he looked up, "It seems fine, but Mr. Hume, I suggest you have the phone company check it out."
[386] Hume nodded.
[387] I spoke up, "There's one more thing, Mr. Hume, why not open these envelopes? Maybe the letter inside is different from the copies we've seen."
[388] His clear eyes fixed on me, he smiled slightly, picked up the envelopes again. However, the letter inside was exactly the same as the copies we had seen. The prosecutor seemed particularly interested in the attachments in the letter from Alcatraz Prison, which listed several names for promotion. He glared at the list, then set it aside.
[389] "Nothing, Miss Sam, your intuition was wrong," the prosecutor said, picking up the phone on the desk. I stood there lost in thought.
[390] "Operator, this is Hume, the prosecutor. Please give me the phone number for Miss Fanny Kather. He waited quietly, "Thank you." He dialed the number, standing there waiting, and we could all hear the persistent ringing on the other end of the line, "No one answered, oh well!" He hung up the phone, "One of our first tasks is to question Miss Fanny Kather." He rubbed his hands together, wearing a determined expression like a little boy.
[391] I took a few steps slowly towards the desk, only an arm's length away from the chair where the corpse had sat. On the table was a small table with an electric coffee pot, a tray with coffee cups and saucers. I curiously touched the pot, it was still warm, and the muddy bottom of the cup still had coffee sediment.
[392] My theory rose from the bottom of my heart like a rope for an Indian holy man ascending to heaven. I eagerly hoped it would prove to be unshakable, because if it were true...
[393] I turned around with a triumphant look in my eyes, perhaps too conspicuous, Hume prosecutor glared at me almost angrily, I believe he was about to scold or question me. However, just before he exploded, something happened that changed the entire direction of the investigation.
[394] Chapter 5: The Sixth Letter
[395] This discovery slightly delayed the matter.
[396] Footsteps echoed down the hallway, and one of Kenyon's subordinates appeared at the door, apologizing and entering with a demeanor so humble it seemed like he was coming to pay homage to a king. The chatter of the crowd ceased, and I wondered who this person was that could make the imposing figure before me bow so low.
[397] But then another person walked in, a cheerful-looking old man with a bald head, wrinkles covering his apple-like cheeks, looking like a jolly old grandpa with a belly that seemed to be praying to the heavens. His clothes didn't fit well, and his coat was worn out.
[398] Then I noticed his eyes, and my initial impression of him changed. This was a man who could control any situation with his eyes alone, his blue eyes emanating a cold, heartless gaze, exuding an aura of evil. It wasn't just cunning; it was as if he had supernatural powers like Satan himself. His jolly smile on the old man's face and his sparse, pink hair made him even more terrifying.
[399] I was shocked to see John Hume, the reformer, hurrying across the room, respectfully and honorably shaking the hand of the old man. Was he putting on a show? He seemed to be unable to escape the old man's cold, piercing gaze. But perhaps his youthful sense of justice, like the old man's smile, was also fake… I looked at my father, but found no critical expression on his kind and straightforward face.
[400] "I just heard about this," he exclaimed childishly, "terrible, John, absolutely terrible. I rushed over as soon as I could. Any progress?"
[401] "Very little," Hume said, leading the little old man over to the room, "Miss Sam, allow me to introduce you to the man who holds my political future in his hands - Rufus Cotton. Cotton, this is Detective Sam from New York City."
[402] Rufus Cotton nodded and smiled slightly, shaking my hand firmly: "It's an honor, dear," he said, his face turning serious, "This is terrible."
[403] "Wow -" my father's face lit up like a classic puppet character, "You're the one who supports Hume? I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Cotton."
[404] "Yes," Rufus Cotton said loudly, "John is about to become the next senator of Tillford County, and I will do my best to support him. And now this - ah, ah!" He clucked like a hen, but his eyes didn't blink, radiating poisonous glances, "Now, Detective, and you, dear, let me take a break for a moment," he turned and continued, "John and I need to talk about this terrible thing in private, how it will affect the political situation..."
[405] Then I saw my father gesturing at me, and I moved closer to him. He had discovered...
[406] I should have known. As I looked into my father's intense gaze, I cursed myself under my breath: "Percy, you're a damn fool!"
[407] He knelt down in front of the fireplace behind the desk, studying something with great interest. A detective whispered something, and someone came over to take photos, flashing a magnesium light. The photographer asked my father to step aside, taking a photo of the carpet in front of the fireplace as well. I could see a clear impression of the tip of a left shoe on the carpet.
[408] The photographer grumbled as he packed up his equipment. His work seemed to be done, as we had already heard that the body and other photos of the room had been taken before we arrived.
[409] However, what caught my father's interest was not the shoe print on the carpet, but what was in the fireplace. It looked insignificant – a faint but discernible foot print on a layer of light-colored ash, which was distinct from the darker ash below, clearly left from a fire that had been lit that evening.
[410] "What do you think, Percy?" my father asked, turning his head to look at me, "What do you think it is?"
[411] "A right shoe print."
[412] "Correct answer," my father stood up, "and do you notice the difference between the lighter ash with the footprints and the darker ash underneath? That means the things burned are different, and they were burned very recently. The question now is, who burned this and what the hell did they burn?"
[413] I had some ideas, but I didn't say anything.
[414] "Another foot print, this one on the toe," my father murmured as he looked at the carpet, "It's quite clear, he was standing to the right of the fireplace, yet left a footprint of his left shoe on the carpet. He then threw something into the fire and used his right foot to extinguish it...right?" He asked the photographer, who nodded. My father knelt down again, carefully sifting through the lighter ash, "Ha!" he exclaimed, triumphantly standing up, holding a small piece of paper in his hand.
[415] The paper was thick and smooth, clearly freshly burned, my father tore off a small piece, lit it with a match, and the ash that fell was identical to the lighter ash in the fireplace.
[416] "Okay," he scratched his head, "so that's it. Now the question is, where is it from - sorry, Petty, I suspect -"
[417] "It's from the stack of note cards on the desk," I replied calmly, "I recognized it right away, although it's just a small note card, but Senator's are different."
[418] "My God, Petty, you're right!" He rushed to the desk, comparing the burnt paper with the stack of note cards on the table, just as I said, the paper burnt in the fireplace and the note cards on the table were exactly the same.
[419] The father murmured, "That's right, but that doesn't tell us much. How do we know when it was burned? Maybe it was an hour before the murder, or maybe it was Fawcett himself who burned it - wait a minute." He went back to the fireplace and started studying the ashes again, and then made a new discovery - this time he picked up a thin piece of adhesive cotton thread from the ashes: "Yes, that's it, it's part of the adhesive used to bind the note cards, originally stuck to the paper and torn off when the paper was burned. But I still -"
[420] He turned to John Hume and Rufus Cotton to tell them about the new discovery. While they were talking, I began my own little investigation. I saw what I was looking for under the table - a wastebasket, empty. Then I opened the desk drawer, but found nothing - I hoped to find another note card, whether used or not. So I went out of the study to find Campbell, who was quietly reading the newspaper in the living room - in the investigation, trying to look innocent, like a new character in the British comedian W. S. Gilbert's play.
[421] "Mr. Camichael," I asked, "was the Senator's note - the only one?"
[422] He jumped up, crumpling the newspaper: "Yes - sorry, you mean the stack of notes? Oh, yes, yes! Only one left, the others are used up."
[423] "When did you start using the last one, Mr. Camichael?"
[424] "Two days ago, I took off the cover myself."
[425] I pondered as I returned to the study, my mind buzzing with too many possibilities, making my head spin; yet, there were too many overlooked facts. Were there any other clues? Did I have a chance to confirm my suspicions?
[426] My thoughts were suddenly interrupted.
[427] In the same study doorway – the same one where the killer, the police, us, and Rufus Cotton had walked earlier that evening – a striking woman appeared. The detective accompanying her seemed to be on high alert, his large hands tightly gripping her arm, his brow furrowed in a menacing manner.
[428] She was tall, broad-shouldered, and muscular, resembling a warrior from the Amazon tribe in Greek mythology. I guessed she was around forty-seven years old, but quickly realized I was mistaken – she did not seem to want to hide her age, with no makeup on her masculine face and no attempt to conceal the thick, coarse hair above her upper lip. Her bright red hair was topped with a scarlet woolen hat, which I could swear was not purchased from a women's hat shop but from a men's store. She was dressed entirely as a man, looking nothing like a woman. She wore a double-breasted jacket, a well-tailored skirt, wide-bottomed shoes, a white shirt tucked into her collar, and a loosely hanging male-style tie – an outfit that was utterly chilling. I couldn't help but notice that even her shirt appeared to be as neatly pressed as a man's, with beautiful, large metal cufflinks adorning the sleeves of her jacket, a design that was particularly striking.
[429] This strange woman had more than just oddities about her. Her eyes were as bright and sharp as diamonds, and her voice was low, soothing, and slightly husky when she began to speak, never causing any annoyance. Moreover, despite her peculiar attire, she was a remarkably intelligent woman – one who seemed completely natural.
[430] There was no doubt about it – she was Fanny Kather.
[431] Keneen regained his spirits, exclaiming, "Hello, Fanny!" in a tone that sounded like a man, leaving me bewildered as to who this woman could be.
[432] "Hello, Keneen," she retorted, "What the hell are you arresting me for? What's going on?"
[433] She glared at each of us in turn – nodding at Hume, passing by Jeremy without expression, then staring thoughtfully at my father, and finally looking at me with some surprise. After inspecting us all with her eyes, she fixed her gaze on the prosecutor and asked, "Well, you all seem to have lost your tongues. What's going on? Where's Joel Fosdick? Who's going to speak up here?"
[434] "Welcome, Fanny," Hume quickly replied, "We wanted to talk to you, ask you a few questions, er – please come in, please come in!"
[435] She entered the room with large, slow steps, her footsteps heavy, while she fished a thick cigar from a large pocket on her chest with her large fingers, placing it between her large lips. Keneen lit it for her, and she exhaled a cloud of smoke, her large, white teeth clenched around the cigar, and she eyed the desk with a sidelong glance.
[436] "What's going on?" she shouted, glancing at the desk again, "What's wrong with Senator?"
[437] "You don't know?" Hume asked calmly.
[438] The cigar was raised slightly: "Me?" The cigar went down again, "What the hell should I know?"
[439] Hume turned to the detective holding her: "Parker, what's going on?"
[440] The detective smiled, "She came strutting and shouting, saw so many people standing at the gate, and the lights were on, and she seemed a little surprised, saying, 'What the hell is going on?' Then I told her, 'You'd better come in, Fanny, the prosecutor is looking for you.'"
[441] "Did she try to escape?"
[442] "Watch your language, Hume," Fanny interjected, "What the hell would I run for? I'm waiting for you to give me an explanation."
[443] "All right, Parker, that's enough," Hume said in a low voice, the detective stepped out, "Okay, Fanny, tell me, what are you doing here tonight?"
[444] "What's it to you?"
[445] "You came to see the senator, didn't you?"
[446] She flicked the ash off her cigar: "Do you think I came to see the president? What's the matter with you? It's not illegal to visit a senator, is it?"
[447] "No, Humphrey," she smiled, "I'm just a little suspicious. Fanny, so you don't know what happened to your senator friend?"
[448] Her eyes flashing with anger, she pulled the cigar out of her mouth: "What's this? Of course I don't know! If I knew, I wouldn't be asking, would I? What's going on here?"
[449] "This, Fanny," Humphrey said in a friendly tone, "is that your senator friend passed away tonight."
[450] "Hey, Humphrey," Kenean whispered, "Is there anything noteworthy? Fanny doesn't—"
[451] "So, he's dead, then," Fanny Katherine said slowly, "dead, huh? Yes, yes, today he's here, tomorrow he's gone. He just walked out the door, didn't he?"
[452] "No, Fanny, he didn't die naturally."
[453] She gasped sharply: "Oh! Suicide?"
[454] "No, Fanny, he was murdered."
[455] She said, "Oh!" Again, I realized that beneath her calm exterior, she had been resisting this fact, even fearing that her suspicions would be confirmed.
[456] "Well, Fanny," the prosecutor said, walking up to her in a friendly manner, "I'm sure you understand that we need to ask you some questions. Do you have an appointment with Mr. Fustic tonight?"
[457] "Hume, this is too beautiful for you... A date? " She muttered distractedly, "No, I didn't, I just came up with the idea, he didn't know I would come—"
[458] She shrugged her broad shoulders, suddenly making up her mind, and threw the cigar into the fireplace – I noticed that she threw it over her shoulder, not even looking at it. Then I realized that this lady was very familiar with Senator Fustic's study. Father's expression became more bewildered, obviously he had noticed her action too.
[459] "Boy, listen to me now," she snapped at Hume, "I know what you're thinking in your head, but you won't pin any blame on Fanny Katherine, if I had anything to do with this damn murder, would I come here like this? Stop it right now. I'm leaving."
[460] She strode noisily towards the door.
[461] "Wait a moment, Fanny," Humor said calmly. She stopped in her tracks, "Why are you so eager to jump to conclusions? I haven't arrested you for any crime yet. But there's something I'm curious about, what brings you here to see Mr. Fustic today?"
[462] She spoke in a threatening tone, "I told you, leave me alone."
[463] "You're being too foolish, Fanny."
[464] "Listen, boy," she paused, then grinned maliciously at Rufus Cotton, who stood expressionless behind her, "I'm a well-connected, successful woman, you understand? In this little town, I have many acquaintances of high status, and they'd be more than happy to take care of you if you try to frame me, like this…" – she twisted her foot on the carpet – "If you annoy me, this will be your fate."
[465] Humor's face turned pale, he turned around, and unexpectedly looked back, holding the letter Senator Fustic had written to her in front of her Prometheus-like nose. The letter was found on the table, the fifth one. She stared coldly at the short note, but I could see the anxiety hidden behind her mask. The letter was handwritten by the Senator himself, with mysterious language but undoubtedly intimate, not something a smile or a threat could dismiss.
[466] "What's going on?" Hume said casually, "Who is Maggie? What was the senator afraid of being overheard on the phone? Who is this 'friend H' he mentioned?"
[467] "That's up to you," she shot him a cold glance, "You can read, can't you, sir?"
[468] Suddenly, Kane stepped aside and whispered urgently to Hume, and I realized that Hume's mistake was in showing the letter from the senator to Fanny Kaiser.
[469] Now that she knew the situation, she seemed to have made up her mind and stood defiantly, staring coldly at Cotton and furrowing her brow as she curiously studied him.
[470] Hume let her go, clearly angry but helpless. After exchanging a few words with Kane, he turned to his father.
[471] "We can't detain her," he complained, "Of course, she will be under surveillance."
[472] "What a formidable woman," the father said slowly, "What's she up to?"
[473] The prosecutor spoke quietly, and the father raised his eyebrows: "Ah, I see! I've dealt with people like her before, very difficult to handle."
[474] "If," I said acidly to Hume, "you're willing to let me participate in the investigation, I'd like to ask, is she unmarried?"
[475] Hume nodded, and the father smiled coldly: "It doesn't concern you, Petty. Don't you think it would be best to return to Mr. Clay's place? Little Clay can accompany you back…"
[476] "No," I pouted, "What's the matter? I'm grown up now, you know that, dear constable. What's the secret of this woman's power? It must be related to prostitution…"
[477] "Go, Petty!"
[478] I went to find Jeremy, believing that I could get what I wanted from him. He must be familiar with the woman's identity and her evil authority in Leeds. The poor boy looked very uneasy, desperately trying to divert my attention.
[479] "Well, she has a nickname, something like 'Evil Queen,' I guess," he finally said, avoiding my gaze.
[480] "Is that so!" I snapped my fingers, "You're too old-fashioned and boring, prejudiced! Dad still thinks I'm a little lily in a convent. Mrs. Cass, right? God! Why are all these men so afraid of her?"
[481] "Well, Kenyon," he shrugged, "He's just a minor character, I guess he took Catherine's bribe to cover up her crimes."
[482] "She also has leverage over Rufus Cotton, right?"
[483] His face suddenly turned red: "Oh, Petty - how could I possibly know that?"
[484] "Well, you couldn't," I bit my lips fiercely, "That woman! She's so ugly! Now I understand. I guess there's some kind of collaboration between Senator and this ugly woman, right?"
[485] "Yes, there are rumors about that," Jeremy murmured. "Alright, Petty, we can leave now. This isn't a place you should be in."
[486] "This isn't where your grandmother should be!” I shouted, "You call yourself a man, this whole thing – men's own business, only men can participate – these old-fashioned ideas should go to hell – that's why – no, Jeremy, I have to stay here – thank God, don't let that ugly old hag fall into my hands!"
[487] Then, something unexpected happened.
[488] After hours of investigation, the direction of the senator's murder case remained unclear until then. Now, looking back, I don't know what would have happened if we hadn't found that letter. According to the analysis after the case was closed, I guess there wouldn't have been much difference, the killer and the senator seemed to have no connection, the appearance of the letter was just to buy time and let the killer escape...
[489] A detective walked into the study, waving a crumpled piece of paper in his hand: "Hey, Mr. Hume!” He shouted, "Great news! I found this and this wooden box in the senator's bedroom safe upstairs."
[490] Hume snatched the paper from his hand, as if a drowning man had grabbed a lifebuoy, and we gathered around. Even a lazy person like Cain – this guy is a living example of evolution, I can almost see his Cambrian ancestor rolling in the mud at the bottom of the sea – he was lively, his red chin trembling with rapid breathing.
[491] The room fell silent.
[492] Humphrey read slowly:
[493] Dear Senator Fuchs:
[494] This little toy, sawed off, will you remember something? You didn't recognize me when you visited the prison's woodworking department, but I recognized you, even if you turned to ashes. This is a great opportunity for my friend Allen.
[495] Scoundrel, listen to me, I'll be out of prison soon, and on the night I get out, I'll call you. You - you must hand over $50,000 to me in your den. Senator, you're different now, you - otherwise, I'll tell that story everywhere...
[496] But you're a smart guy, hand over the money or little Allen will get you. Don't play games.
[497] Allen Darrow
[498] I looked at the sloppy pencil writing, each letter was in a rough print - dirty, with fingerprints and spelling mistakes, and vulgar language. I shivered suddenly, and a cold shadow fell over the room. I knew it was the shadow of Mountaintop Prison.
[499] Hume's lips were pressed into a straight line, and he snorted a cold laugh through his nose.
[500] "Well," he said slowly, folding the paper and putting it in his wallet, "this is what I was looking for. The rest -" he stopped, unable to find the right words, and I suddenly became afraid. What was going to happen...
[501] "Take it easy, Hume," my father said calmly.
[502] "Trust me, officer."
[503] The prosecutor picked up the phone: "Operator, connect me to Warden Magnus of Alcatraz Prison… Warden, it's Hume prosecutor. I'm sorry to wake you up in the middle of the night, but I'm sure you've heard. Senator Westcott was murdered tonight… Yes, yes. By the way, Warden, have you heard of a man named Alan Darrow?"
[504] We waited quietly, Hume pressing the receiver against his chest and staring blankly at the fireplace.
[505] Everyone remained motionless.
[506] Suddenly, the prosecutor's eyes lit up. As he listened and nodded, he said, "Warden Magnus, we'll be there soon." He then hung up the phone.
[507] "What is it?" Kane whispered.
[508] Humphrey smiled. "Warden Magnus has checked on the inmate named Allen Darrow. He's from the Woodwork Department and was released this afternoon!"
[509] Chapter Six: The Arrival of Allen Darrow
[510] Until then, I had only felt a distant, dreamlike shadow looming over us. All the evidence in my mind was jumbled, causing me to forget the tragedy that had just occurred. But suddenly, like a knife being thrust in my back, I cut through the mist and saw it all clearly. Allen Darrow... The name meant nothing to me, it could have been John Smith or Knut Sorenson. I had never heard of him or seen him before, yet... relying on this little clue, a hunch, or intuition, or subconscious reasoning... I felt like I had gained a supernatural power of prophecy and immediately concluded that this suspect, this possible victim of society's distortion, must be the one under the large and real shadow that loomed over us.
[511] I briefly recalled these clues, my head heavy with these vague and chaotic thoughts, my heart racing. I felt helpless, even with my father by my side, giving me comfort and strength, I found myself most eager to see the old gentleman living in Hamlet Manor.
[512] Hume and Rufus Cotton were discussing quietly, while Kane suddenly became lively, walking around the room and issuing commands, as if the recently released small character could bring a breakthrough in the case. I couldn't help but tremble as I recalled what Hume had said on the phone and Kane's commands, and suddenly realized it all! With their conversation and pursuit, they had already convicted the unseen Allen Darrow, who had only been out of Apgar's prison for a few hours and was now in a desperate situation again.
[513] Jeremy's strong arms supported me out of the house and into the car. I breathed in the fresh night air, my spirits lifted. Hume sat next to Jeremy, my father and I sat in the back seat, and the car sped away. My mind was still hazy, my father silent, Hume staring proudly into the dark road ahead, and Jeremy gripping the steering wheel without speaking. The car sped up the steep mountain road, like a dream that was hazy and uncertain.
[514] Then, in the darkness, a silhouette like a nightmare of a flesh-eating monster suddenly appeared before us... Apgar's prison had arrived.
[515] It was hard to imagine that a building made of lifeless stone and steel could exude such a vivid aura of evil. As a child, stories of haunted houses, abandoned castles, and ghostly apparitions in churches always made me shudder, but in my years of traveling through European landmarks, I had never seen such a building that exuded such a terrifying power... Now, as Jeremy pressed the horn at the steel gate, I suddenly understood what it was like to be afraid of a building. Most of the prison was dark, the moon had disappeared, and a cold wind moaned. So close to the prison, yet no human voices could be heard behind the high walls, and no lights were on. I shrank in my seat, feeling my father's hand suddenly grasp mine - asking softly, "What's wrong, Petty?" His words brought me back to reality, the demon had fled, and I tried to shake off the fear.
[516] The gate suddenly opens, Jeremy drives the car through, several people in black uniforms, square hats, and rifles in hand, stand in front of the headlights, intimidating.
[517] "Prosecutor Hume has arrived!" Jeremy calls.
[518] "Turn off the headlights, kid," a coarse voice speaks, and Jeremy complies. A beam of intense light shines on us, alternately illuminating our faces.
[519] The guards inspect us, their cold eyes neither suspicious nor friendly.
[520] "No problem, brother," Hume hurries to say, "these are my friends."
[521] "Mr. Hume, the Warden is waiting for you," the same voice spoke, now sounding warmer, "but the others – they have to wait outside."
[522] "I assure you they're fine," he whispered to Jeremy, "I think you and Miss Sam should just park the car outside and wait for us."
[523] He got out of the car. Jeremy seemed hesitant, but the men with rifles clearly intimidated him, so he nodded and leaned back. Father approached the building, and I followed behind. I was certain neither he nor the prosecutor noticed me, as they passed by the guards without acknowledgment. We entered the prison's courtyard, and the guards said nothing, seemingly allowing my presence. After a while, Hume turned to find me trailing behind, but he merely shrugged and continued walking briskly.
[524] This place was large – in the darkness, I couldn't gauge its exact size, but our footsteps echoed hollowly on the cobblestone walkway. Soon, a blue-uniformed guard opened a heavy steel door for us to pass through, and we found ourselves in an administrative building that was vast, dark, and devoid of life. Even the walls seemed to whisper tales of terror, not the walls of a prison cell, but those of an administrative office. I began to wonder if a dreadful apparition would soon appear before me.
[525] I awkwardly followed behind Father and Hume, ascending a stone staircase that led to a plain door, similar to an ordinary office door, with the inscription "Warden Magnus" above it.
[526] Mr. Hume knocked on the door, and the person who opened it had sharp eyes and was wearing casual clothes - clothes that were a bit disheveled, clearly having been hastily woken up - probably an employee or secretary - these guys in the prison were all like that, without smiles, warmth, or mercy - he muttered something quietly, leading us through a large reception room and the outer office to another door, then opened it, standing expressionlessly by the door to let us in. As we passed him, he merely glanced coldly at us.
[527] I suddenly noticed an unrelated thing, as we walked from outside to this room, all the windows had steel bars installed.
[528] In the neat and quiet room, a man stood up to greet us, looking like a retired banker. He wore a plain gray suit, except for the tie that was hastily tied, and everything else looked impeccable. He had a quality of having dealt with criminals for a long time, strong, serious, weathered, and alert, with a sparse head of gray hair and slightly loose-fitting clothes.
[529] "Hello, Magistrate," the prosecutor said in a low voice, "I apologize for waking you up so early, but murder cases don't choose convenient times for us. Ha, ha... Please come in, Inspector. And you, Miss Sam."
[530] Magistrate Hume smiled briefly and said in a mild tone, pointing to the chairs, "I didn't expect so many people to come."
[531] "Oh, Mr. Magnus, this is Miss Sam, and Sam Inspector. Miss Sam also does detective work, and of course, Sam Inspector is already an old hand at it."
[532] "Yes," said the warden, "it doesn't matter. So, Senator Buxton has finally met his fate, strange, karma is hard to say. Right, Hume?"
[533] "Yes, he has met his karma," Hume said calmly.
[534] We sat down, and suddenly the father spoke up: "Thank God, I finally remembered! Warden Magnus, did you participate in police work fifteen years ago, in the northern part of the state?"
[535] Magnus's eyes lit up, and he smiled: "Now I remember... in Buffalo. You must be the famous Sam Mr.?" "I'm glad to see you here," he said. "You've retired, haven't you?"...
[536] He went on talking, and I leaned back in my chair, resting my aching head, thinking of Algernon House Prison...
[537] In this large and quiet place, a thousand or so people were sleeping or tossing and turning, unable to sleep. Their battered bodies could not stretch out in the narrow cells; uniformed people patrolled the corridors; the night sky was above the roof; not far away was a dense forest; the sick old man at Hamlet Manor was sleeping; and outside the steel door was a melancholy Jeremy Clare; in the mortuary in Leeds, a once powerful man lay dead...
[538] I opened my eyes as I heard the sound of the door opening, and there stood the sharp-eyed clerk at the door: "Warden, Father Mule has arrived."
[539] "Let him in."
[540] Soon, a short, rosy-cheeked man appeared at the door, wearing thick glasses, with silver-gray hair and wrinkles all over his face. His face was so kind and benevolent that I had never seen it before. Despite his anxious and painful expression, he still exuded an innate nobility, a priest who was born to save the lost, even the most ruthless criminals would open their hearts and reveal their true feelings in front of this saint.
[541] He wore a faded black cassock, his nearsighted eyes blinking under the light, holding a worn-out prayer book in his right hand. Seeing so many strangers in the warden's office at three in the morning was obviously confusing him.
[542] "Come in, Father," said Warden Magnus politely. "Come and meet our guests." Then he introduced us one by one.
[543] "Yes, yes," said Father Mool absently, looking at me. "Hello, dear." Then he rushed to the warden's desk and exclaimed, "Magnus, it's terrible! God be witness, I can't believe it!"
[544] "Don't get excited, Father," Magnus said softly. "Things are always bound to happen, sit down and let's figure this out together."
[545] "But," Father Mool quavered, "Allen was always so obedient, so kind."
[546] "All right, Father. Mr. Hume, I'm sure you're eager to hear my explanation, but first let me find the complete file on this man." Warden Magnus pressed a button on his desk, and the clerk reappeared at the door. "Bring me the materials on Aron D'Orr, the one who was released this afternoon."
[547] The clerk left and returned shortly with a large blue folder: "It's all here, Aron D'Orr, file number 83532, admitted at age forty-seven."
[548] "How long has he been in prison?" asked the prosecutor.
[549] "Twelve years and several months... height five feet six inches, weight one hundred twenty-two pounds, blue eyes, gray hair, a half-moon scar on the left chest - " Warden Magnus carefully reviewed the file, "But he has changed a lot during these twelve years, almost completely bald, and his body is weaker - he is now almost sixty years old."
[550] "What crime did he commit?" asked the prosecutor.
[551] "Manslaughter, sentenced to fifteen years in the New York criminal court. He killed someone at the New York Harbor Hotel, possibly due to excessive consumption of cheap gin, leading to a drunken rampage. He had no prior convictions, at least not according to the prosecutor who filed the charges against him."
[552] "Is there any earlier record of him?" the father asked.
[553] Magnus flipped through the file: "It appears there is none, not even his name seems to be fake, but they cannot prove it."
[554] I tried to imagine what this DeO looked like, but it was still incomplete, with some parts still hazy: "Director, what kind of prisoner is DeO? Is he difficult?"
[555] Magnus chuckled: "Miss Sam, you asked a critical question. No, Miss Sam, he is a model prisoner—according to our classification, he is an A-grade prisoner. All newly incarcerated prisoners undergo an observation period, participate in coal pile labor, and are assigned to various vocational departments by our division committee. Each prisoner's status in our small community—you know, the prison essentially functions as a city—depends on their own actions. If they cause no trouble, follow the rules, and complete all their assigned tasks, they can regain some of the self-respect that society has taken away from them. We have a disciplinary officer, who is assigned to each prison, and Allen DeO never gave them any trouble. Moreover, due to his consistently good behavior and A-grade status, he received thirty months of reduced sentence."
[556] Father Mullen rubbed his deep-set eyes and turned to me: "Miss Sam, I can assure you that Aron is the least aggressive person. I know him too well, but I guarantee you, he's extremely devout, dear, he would never -"
[557] "He killed a man before," Hume said coldly. "I have to say, he has a record."
[558] "Also," said the father, "how did Aron kill that man in New York twelve years ago? With a knife?"
[559] Magus Warden shook his head: "He hit the man on the head with a whole bottle of whiskey, and the man died from a brain hemorrhage."
[560] "What difference does it make?" the prosecutor asked impatiently under his breath. "Warden, is there anything else?"
[561] "Very little, of course, the more unruly the prisoner, the more records he has," Magnum flipped through the blue dossier again, "Here, you may be interested in this about identifying him. There was an accident in his second year in prison that caused him to become blind in his right eye and paralyzed in his right arm - a pity, but it was entirely due to his negligence in operating a lathe -"
[562] "Oh, so he's a one-eyed man then!" Hume exclaimed, "This is important, Jailer, thank you for telling us."
[563] Magnum jailer sighed: "Such materials are usually not formally recorded, we don't want the press to blow it up. You know, the prisons in this state and other states have not been in a good position lately - I'm afraid people will say we treat prisoners like animals, not like patients as modern penology recognizes - but anyway, most people think our prison system is like the Siberian labor camps of the Tsar's time, and we are trying to change this image, when the accident happened -"
[564] "Very interesting," the prosecutor interjected politely.
[565] "Well, yes," Magnum leaned forward, looking a bit aggressive, "for a while, he could say he caused us a problem. Since his right arm was paralyzed and he was a right-hander, our division committee had to assign him some special manual work, he had no education, although he could read, but he only wrote in print, with handwriting like a child's - his intelligence was low, as I said before, when the accident happened, he was working on a lathe in the woodworking department, and finally the committee let him go back to his original department, because although his hand was paralyzed, according to the record, he was quite skilled in carpentry - you may think these are irrelevant things, perhaps, but I hope to give you a complete picture of this person - based on my personal reasons."
[566] "What does that mean?" Hume straightened up and asked quickly.
[567] Magnus furrowed his eyebrows, "You'll understand when I'm done. De'O doesn't have any family or friends - at least it doesn't seem that way, because in the twelve years he's been in Apgun, he hasn't received a single letter, and no one has come to visit him."
[568] "Interesting," the father stroked his chin and murmured.
[569] "Isn't it, Inspector? In my opinion, it's really strange - forgive me for my coarse language, Miss Sam."
[570] "You don't need to apologize," I replied, tired of having to accept apologies for every "damn" and "damned" word.
[571] "Too strange," the warden continued, "I've been in charge of the prison for years, and I've never seen a prisoner as cut off from the outside world as Dero. It's as if no one cares whether he lives or dies, which is just bizarre. Based on my experience, even the worst and most ruthless criminals have someone who cares about them - a mother, a sister, a lover. But Dero not only has no contact with the outside world, but he hasn't been outside since his first year, when he participated in road construction as per tradition. He's had plenty of opportunities to participate in outside labor, but he's been well-behaved, not because he wants to repent and reform, but rather because he's tired, weary, or indifferent to the point of not being able to commit any more crimes."
[572] "Doesn't sound like someone who would extort or kill," the father murmured.
[573] "Absolutely!" Father Moule exclaimed, "Officer, that's exactly what I think, and I can tell you -"
[574] "I'm sorry," the prosecutor interrupted, "we haven't reached a conclusion yet."
[575] I listened vaguely, sitting in the unfamiliar room, in the place where fate was decided for thousands of people. A flash of insight hit me. Now is the time to say what I've deduced with precision logic. I half-opened my mouth, almost spoke, but closed it again. Were those petty details really as meaningful as I thought? I looked at Hume's sharp and childlike face and decided to keep it to myself. Logic alone wouldn't convince him, and there was plenty of time...
[576] "Now," Warden Magnus threw the blue file on the table, "I'm going to tell you something, and that's why I asked you all here today."
[577] "Great!" Hume said cheerfully, "That's exactly what we want to know."
[578] "Please bear with me," Warden Magnus continued in a serious tone, "Deo may no longer be a prisoner here, but I still care about him. We keep records of many ex-convicts because many of them will eventually reoffend - about 30% in recent times - and more and more research in penology shows that prevention is better than cure. Moreover, I cannot ignore the facts, and I have a responsibility to tell you this."
[579] Father Mueller's face turned pale with agony, and his knuckles turned a shade of gray as he clutched the black prayer book.
[580] "Three weeks ago, Senator Fussette came to me, even more strangely, he asked me about a prisoner."
[581] "Oh, Mary," the priest groaned.
[582] "The convict, of course, was Allen Derro."
[583] Hume's eyes gleamed. "What did Bostwick want? What did he want to know about Derro?"
[584] Magus the Warden sighed. "Well, the senator requested to review Derro's files and archive photos. By the rules, I should have refused, but since Derro's sentence was about to expire, and Senator Bostwick is an outstanding citizen," he grimaced, "I gave him the photos and records. Of course, the photos were taken twelve years ago when Derro was first incarcerated, but the senator seemed to recognize Derro, as he suddenly became very tense and swallowed hard. I won't go into the details, but he made an absurd request to gag Derro and keep him locked up for a few more months. 'Gag him,' he said. What do you think of this?"
[585] Hume rubbed his hands together, his tone ambiguous. "Too strange, Warden! Please continue."
[586] "Never mind that he had the audacity to request such an impossible thing," Magnum gritted his teeth, "I think we need to handle this with care. And I'm curious, too, about the relationship between a convict and a citizen, especially one with Senator Fuchs' reputation, I have a responsibility to investigate this thoroughly. So, I didn't commit to anything, just remained silent and asked him why he wanted to seal Allen Darrow's mouth?"
[587] "Did he say why?" Father asked, frowning.
[588] "Not at first, he was just sweating profusely and shaking all over, like he was drunk. Then he told me that Darrow was blackmailing him!"
[589] "We know that," Hume murmured.
[590] "I didn't believe him, but I kept my cool on the surface. You said Darrow was blackmailing him? Well, I can't see any possibility of that happening, so I asked the Senator how Darrow contacted him. As you know, we check all inmate mail and external communications very strictly."
[591] "He sent a letter and a cut-open toy box," the prosecutor explained, "hidden in a box of toys made in the prison."
[592] "So, "Magnum pursed his lips, thinking, "we need to plug that hole. Of course, it shouldn't be too difficult to do so—but at that time, I was very curious because secret communications between the inside and outside of the prison have always been one of our biggest headaches, and I've long suspected that there's a hole. However, Senator Fuchs refused to reveal how Darrow contacted him, so I didn't ask any further."
[593] I licked my dry lips: "Did Senator Fuchs admit that he had something on Darrow?"
[594] "How could he, he said Darrow's story was ridiculous and just a shameless lie—clichéd. Of course, I didn't believe it. No matter what Darrow had on him, Senator Fuchs seemed too tense to be completely innocent. To explain why he cared so much about this, he said that even if Darrow's story was fabricated, it would pose a serious threat to his chances of re-election as state senator."
[595] "A serious threat, huh?" Hume said coldly. "He doesn't even have a chance of re-election. But that's not the point. I'll bet that whatever Darrow has on him, it's very credible."
[596] "I agree," Magnus, the warden, shrugged. "But I'm also in a difficult position. I told the senator that we couldn't punish Decker based on his word alone. Of course, if he wanted to extend Decker's sentence, he had to tell me what the 'lie' was... but the senator flatly refused. He said he didn't want it to get out. Then he hinted that if I let Decker serve a few more months, he could give me some 'political help.'"
[597] "Frightened?" the father asked.
[598] "He looked bewildered. Of course, I didn't sit idle. As soon as Fuchs left, I called Allen Decker into my office. He denied trying to extort the senator. So, since the senator didn't want to clarify, I only told Decker that if I found out he had tried to extort him, I would cancel his parole and all his special privileges."
[599] "Just that?" Hume asked.
[600] "That's about it. This morning — actually, yesterday morning — Fuchs called and said he had decided to 'buy Decker's silence' to prevent the 'fabricated story' from getting out and asked me to forget the whole thing."
[601] "That's too strange," the father said with a thoughtful expression. "Honestly, it doesn't sound like something Budge would do. Are you sure that call was from Budge?"
[602] "Yes. I also found that call strange, and I'm curious why he would go out of his way to tell me he was going to pay the ransom?"
[603] "That is indeed odd," the prosecutor frowned. "Did you tell him that Derô would be released yesterday?"
[604] "No, he didn't ask, so I didn't say."
[605] "Ladies and gentlemen," the father said, as if he were a large statue, elegantly crossing his legs, and then slowly said, "That phone call gave me an idea, like a sudden blow to the head. I think Budge is trying to corner the senator from both sides, leaving Allen Derô with no escape."
[606] "What do you mean?" asked the warden, intrigued.
[607] The father chuckled. "Warden, he's setting up a false trail for his future defense. I'll bet you, if you investigate, you'll find that Fuchs withdrew 50,000 from his account. That way, he's innocent. He was planning to pay the ransom, but – oh no! An accident happened."
[608] "I don't understand what you mean," interrupted the prosecutor.
[609] "Look, Fuchs originally planned to kill Deo! He arranged the warden's testimony and withdrew money to pay the ransom. After the incident, he could say he was planning to pay, but Deo was too aggressive, and an accident occurred during the argument. Prosecutor, he's in a tight spot now, and he thinks it's better to risk killing Deo than be threatened by him."
[610] "Possibly," pondered the prosecutor. "Very possible! But his plan backfired, and he ended up being the one killed, huh."
[611] "Everyone," Father Mueller exclaimed, "Allen Deod is innocent in this murder case! Mr. Humphrey, there must be a terrifying black hand behind the whole thing. But God will not let an innocent soul suffer. This child is too unfortunate—"
[612] The father spoke up: "Warden, Humphrey just mentioned that Deod sent a letter to Fuchs along with a small box. Do you have any small boxes with gold-embossed letters in your woodworking department?"
[613] "I'll check," Magness connected the prison's internal phone line and waited a moment, I guess to wake someone up to answer the phone. He finally put down the receiver and shook his head. "Inspector, the woodworking department doesn't have such things. The toy group was recently established, and we discovered that Deod and two other prisoners were good at carving, so we set up this group based on their skills in the woodworking department."
[614] The father looked puzzled at the prosecutor, and Humphrey quickly said, "Yes, I also think we should find out what the wooden box means."
[615] However, I could tell that he thought this point was irrelevant to the cause of the murder case and not worth mentioning. He picked up the warden's phone receiver: "Can I borrow it?—Inspector, let's see if the money that Deod requested in the letter is correct."
[616] The warden blinked, "It seems that Dare must have caught Senator Furtis with something serious, five thousand dollars! -"
[617] "I have already sent someone to investigate Senator Furtis' bank account, and I am watching the results," Mr. Hume told the prison operator a number, "Hello, Macchi? It's Hume. Have you found anything?"
[618] "Yes, very well," Mr. Hume said, "Now investigate Fanny Kather, see if there is any financial transaction between her and Senator Furtis."
[619] "However," the father frowned, "I feel something is wrong. Think about it, the ransom has been received, and then the person who paid it is killed. Isn't that a bit absurd?"
[620] "Yes, yes," Father Mure said excitedly, "Mr. Hume, this is very important."
[621] "There's another possibility, Mr. Hume," I said softly, "The killer prepared the weapon beforehand, but when they saw the paper knife, they took it."
[622] John Hume's expression was clearly impatient: "That's too far-fetched, Miss Sam.” He spoke coldly, while the warden and Father Mure nodded in surprise, unable to believe that a little girl could come up with such a complex explanation.
[623] At this point, the phone on Magus Warden's desk rang, and he picked up the receiver: "Mr. Hume, your phone call, the person on the other end sounds very excited."
[624] The prosecutor jumped out of his chair and snatched the phone... When he finished, he turned around and I felt my heart racing. From his expression, I knew something big had happened, and his eyes shone with excitement.
[625] "It's Chief Inspector Kane on the line," he said slowly, "After some trouble, Allen DeO has just been arrested in a forest on the outskirts of the city."
[626] For a moment, everyone fell silent, and only Father Muller sighed softly.
[627] "He was covered in dirt and drunk as a ghost," Hume's voice came, "Of course, it's over now. Warden, thank you. When you go to court, you may need to testify -"
[628] "Wait, Hume," my father said calmly, "Did Cain find the money on him?"
[629] "Er... no. But it doesn't matter. Maybe he buried it somewhere. What's important is that we caught the killer of Father West!"
[630] I stood up and put on my gloves: "Is that so, Mr. Hume?"
[631] He stared at me: "I'm afraid I don't quite understand what you mean—"
[632] "Mr. Hume, you never do, do you?"
[633] "What do you mean by that, Miss Sam?"
[634] I took out my lipstick: "Allen Darrow did not kill Senator Bessette. And," I removed one glove and looked at my lips in the small mirror, "I can prove it!"
[635] Chapter Seven: Drawing the Net Tighter
[636] "Petty," the father said the next morning, "this town has an evil feel to it."
[637] "Ah, ha," I whispered, "you've noticed it too?"
[638] "Please don't speak like that," the father complained, "it's not becoming of a lady. And why didn't you tell me what was going on—I know you dislike Mr. Hume—but surely you don't dislike me? How do you know Darrow is innocent? How can you be so sure?"
[639] I remained silent, realizing that my previous statement had been unwise. After all, I couldn't prove anything. There was one thing I couldn't understand, though, and once I figured that out, everything would become clear…so I said, "I can't prove it yet."
[640] "Interesting, considering the circumstances, I also believe Darrow did not kill Fitch."
[641] "Oh, dear ugly dad!" I exclaimed, kissing him. "I know he's not the killer, just like a forty-year-old person can't get smallpox, he couldn't possibly kill that vile senator. I watched Jeremy's broad back disappear down the road, poor man, he had to rejoin the ranks of the working class today and come home dirty for dinner at night. "What about you? Why do you think Derou isn't the killer?"
[642] "What's this?" the father frowned. "Giving me a lecture? And you're too young to be talking like that outside. Can you prove it? Please, Patti, be careful. I don't want people to think -"
[643] "Do you think I embarrass you?"
[644] "Oh, Patti, I didn't say that -"
[645] "Do you think I'm meddling? Do you think I should wrap myself in a wool blanket and sit quietly in the corner?"
[646] "Oh—"
[647] "Do you think you're living in the days of the puffy skirt, when women couldn't vote, couldn't smoke, couldn't curse, couldn't have boyfriends, couldn't speak up, and you think contraception is devilish trickery that violates the teachings of the Bible?"
[648] "Petty," Father's face turned cold, he stood up, "Don't speak to your father like that." Then he strode heavily into the colonial-style house of Clay. Ten minutes later, he came back, lighting a cigarette for me with a match, and then apologizing to me, a little embarrassed. Poor old dad! He didn't understand women at all.
[649] Then we went to the city together.
[650] That morning — Saturday, after the night of the murder and the strange visit to the Acoma prison — Jeremy's father and my dad agreed that we would continue to stay at Clay's house as guests. The prosecutor, Hume, and the others warned my father before leaving not to reveal his past in the police force and his reputation, and he and Elias Clay both believed that the inner workings of Dr. Fusick's attempt to secure a large contract might be related to Senator Fusick's murder, so my father decided to observe the situation quietly. And for me, this decision was very important, because I knew that unless God intervened, Allen DeOtis would not be able to escape suspicion.
[651] Our two most interested things after the drunken Arlen's arrest the night before were to listen to Arlen's account and talk to the mysterious Dr. Fuchs. Since Dr. Fuchs was still missing until Saturday morning, we decided to focus on the first thing first.
[652] As soon as we arrived at the stone city hall in Riz, we were ushered into Hume prosecutor's private office. Hume was in good spirits that morning - busy, active, enthusiastic, with bright eyes, and in my eyes, there was also a self-satisfied look, which was annoying.
[653] "Good morning, good morning," he said, rubbing his hands, "Miss Sam, how are you? Do you still think we've wrongly accused an innocent person? And that you can prove the truth?"
[654] "Yes, and even more firmly," I sat down and took a cigarette from the other.
[655] "Well, let you judge for yourself. Bill," he shouted into the outer office, "call the detention center and bring Derou over for another interrogation."
[656] "You've already interrogated him?" my father asked.
[657] "Yes, but I need to convince others. I'm confident," he said, with a self-satisfied, self-assured air, as if God and the flag were on his side. Despite tolerating our hostility, it was clear that he believed Allen to be as guilty as Cain, who killed his brother Abel in the Bible. Looking at Mr. Hume's stubborn and upright face, I knew he was convinced Deo was the killer. My conclusions were based purely on logic, but this stubborn man would accept nothing but evidence.
[658] Deo Allen was brought in by two burly detectives, who seemed to be overdoing it, as the suspect was a small, timid, and frail old man. His narrow and frail shoulders would barely have required one guard to break his spine. Despite my mental image of this unimpressive figure, even with the detailed description from Magus, the actual appearance was pitiful.
[659] His face was small, with a shape like a small axe – sharp angles, wrinkles, and a dull complexion – with a twisted expression of pain and despair that would make anyone who saw it feel pity, except for the cruel and dull-witted Kenyon or the justice-obsessed Hume. There was an innocent, weary, and shocked look on his face, which looked even more guilty because it was too innocent. These people were so eager to solve the case that they forgot it was a natural human reaction. The killer of Joel Fuchs was a cold-blooded person and possibly a good actor, as evidenced by the crime scene. How could this pitiful creature be the murderer?
[660] "Sit down, Deo," Mr. Hume said without sympathy, and Deo obediently sat down. His one blue eye was filled with longing and fear, and his right eyelid displayed permanent blindness, while his right arm – I noticed it was withering – hung powerlessly. These disabilities did not make him look more menacing; instead, they made him look even more alone and helpless.
[661] It was strange that his right eyelid showed permanent blindness, and his right arm - I noticed it was already withering - hung powerlessly. These disabilities did not make him look more sinister, but rather more lonely and helpless. The high prison wall had left a clear mark on him, and his behavior was furtive, his head twitching like a monkey, his skin unnaturally pale, and he walked carefully.
[662] He croaked, "Yes, sir. Yes, Mr. Hume. Yes, sir." His tone was hurried, like a dog wagging its tongue to please. Even his attitude seemed guilty, his mouth crooked, and his lips stiff. When he suddenly turned his one eye towards me, I held my breath, and he seemed confused, weighing whether my presence could be of any help to him.
[663] The father stood silently, his one eye following him with interest.
[664] "Derou," Hume said, "this gentleman has come to help you. He came all the way from New York just to talk to you."
[665] Allen Derou's expressive eyes suddenly flashed with suspicion: "Yes, sir," he said, huddled in his chair, "but I really can't help. Mr. Hume, I've already told you that I didn't kill him."
[666] The father gave the prosecutor a meaningful glance, and Hume nodded and sat down. I watched with interest, as I had never seen my father interrogate a suspect before. I soon realized that he possessed an exceptional talent in gaining Mr. Deo's trust, a new side I had never seen before. He subtly and skillfully employed psychological techniques, demonstrating that he was a master of his craft.
[667] "Look at me, Mr. Deo," he said in a light yet authoritative tone, and the poor man froze, looking at the father. They remained silent, gazing at each other for a while, and the father said, "Do you know who I am?"
[668] Mr. Deo licked his lips. "No... No, sir."
[669] "I am Inspector Sam of the New York Police Department."
[670] "Oh." Mr. Deo looked suspicious, with his sparse gray hair still twisted alertly, avoiding our eyes. His expression was cautious yet hopeful, as if he wanted to escape and yet approach us at the same time.
[671] "Have you ever heard of me before?" my father continued.
[672] "Er... " Derro struggled between remaining silent and speaking up, "I met a thief in prison who said you... you saved him from the electric chair."
[673] "In Attica Prison?"
[674] "Yes... yes, sir."
[675] "That should be Sam Levy, the mobster from Houston Street in New York City," my father said with a nostalgic smile. "Sam was a good kid, just got mixed up with a bunch of armed robbers who framed him. Now listen closely, Derro, did Sam ever mention me to you?"
[676] D'Orsay shifted uneasily in his chair: "Why do you ask?"
[677] "Just curious, after helping Sam out so much, I don't think he'd say anything bad about me—"
[678] "He didn't!" D'Orsay exclaimed angrily. "He said you're an honest and upright police officer."
[679] "Oh, is that so?" the father raised his voice. "Of course, he should say that. Anyway, you know I wouldn't intentionally frame anyone, right? You know I wouldn't set anyone up, right?"
[680] "I—I suppose you're right, sir."
[681] "Good! That's settled then. Now, DeO, this Mr. Hume thinks you killed Senator Westcott. And I'm telling you, it's true. Not kidding you. You're in a tight spot now."
[682] DeO's one eye filled with fear, staring at Hume, who blushed slightly and glared at the father.
[683] "As for me," the father continued, "I don't think you killed Westcott, my daughter doesn't either - this pretty little girl - thinks you're innocent."
[684] "Uh-huh," DeO mumbled, not looking up.
[685] "Now, why do I think Westcott wasn't killed by you, DeO? Do you know?"
[686] This time, Mr. Hume responded with a positive reaction, looking directly into the father's eyes, his dark face lit up with curiosity and hope: "No, sir, I don't! I only know I didn't kill him. Why?"
[687] "I'll tell you why." The father clenched his fist, placing it on Mr. Hume's skinny knee, and I noticed his knee trembling, "Because I understand human nature, I understand the ways of a killer. Of course, you accidentally killed a drunkard twelve years ago, but someone like you wouldn't be a killer."
[688] "Right, sir!"
[689] "You wouldn't stab someone to death, even if you wanted to kill someone, would you use a knife?"
[690] "No!" Mr. Hume exclaimed, his thin neck bulging with veins, "I'm not that kind of person! I wouldn't use a knife!"
[691] "You certainly wouldn't, that's clear. Now, I believe you didn't kill Senator Fuchs. But someone did kill him, who could it be?"
[692] Derro's old, sturdy left hand clenched tightly: "Honestly, I don't know. Chief, I'm being framed, I'm being framed."
[693] "You're damn right you're being framed. But, do you know Senator Fuchs?"
[694] Derro jumped out of his chair: "That damn liar, of course I know him!" A look of panic flashed across his face, perhaps realizing that admitting it would put him in a trap, he suddenly stopped, glaring fiercely at his father.
[695] His father skillfully dealt with this sudden situation, putting on an injured expression: "You misunderstood me, Derro." He complained, "You think I'm trying to get you to confess, humph, I wouldn't. You don't have to admit you know Senator Fuchs. The prosecutor found a letter you wrote to Senator Fuchs on his desk, and that alone could send you to the gallows, you understand?"
[696] Detective Oldman calmed down, muttering painfully as he looked at his father. I couldn't help but tremble as I looked at his face. The vulgar, angular face combined suspicion, hope, and fear, which continued to haunt me in the following days. I looked at Hume, who seemed indifferent. Later, I learned that when the police and the prosecutor's office first questioned Allen Oldman, he stubbornly denied everything, even when he saw the fatal letter. This made me even more admire my father's clever interrogation skills, which could crack Detective Oldman's shell.
[697] "Excellent," the father said calmly, "Detective Oldman, unless you confess the story, we can't save you. How long have you known Senator Fuchs?"
[698] Detective Oldman licked his dry lips: "I - I... dammit, a long time ago."
[699] "Did you do anything bad, Detective Oldman?"
[700] "I can't say, Chief."
[701] "Well, I know that there are some things Diao Ping won't say, so I quickly changed the subject. "Did you contact him in Apan Gong prison, Diao Ping?"
[702] After a moment of silence, Diao Ping spoke up: "Yes, sir, that's right."
[703] "Did you give him the box and the letter you cut open and put in a box of toys?"
[704] "Uh... I think so."
[705] "What was your intention in giving him the box?"
[706] Everyone in the room knew that despite the smooth questioning, it was unlikely to get the whole truth from Deo. Mentioning the toy box seemed to brighten Deo's mood, and a smile appeared on his wrinkled face, with a mischievous glint in his one eye. The father saw this and did not show his disappointment.
[707] "It was just, uh, a code," Deo said cautiously, "so he would know it was me."
[708] "I see. Did you call Senator Fosdick when you were released, as you mentioned in the letter?"
[709] "Yes, I did."
[710] "Did you find Fosdick himself?"
[711] "Damn right, I found him," DeO answers angrily, then composes himself. "He said, 'Okay, okay, everything's fine.'"
[712] "Did you guys agree to meet last night?"
[713] DeO's blue eye fills with doubt again: "Uh...yes."
[714] "What time did you arrange?"
[715] "Sixth bell, I mean, eleven o'clock."
[716] "Did you go to the meeting?"
[717] "No, I didn't, officer, you have to believe me!" he said hurriedly, "I've been in prison for twelve years, I'm not like someone who gets a 'point' like that. Twelve years is long enough, so after getting out of jail, I just wanted to have a good drink. There was only potato water in prison, and after a while, I almost forgot what real wine tasted like."
[718] "Is that true, Hume?" the father asked.
[719] Hume smiled. "Of course, officer. I said I wouldn't accuse a good man without proof. Unfortunately, the owner of the private liquor store confirmed Derou's story, but he also told us that Derou left the place around eight o'clock last night. So, Derou had no alibi at the time of the murder, as Fuscit was killed at 10:20."
[720] "I was drunk at the time," Derou murmured. "After getting out of prison, I drank too much old wine, and my head was so muddled that I can't remember what happened after leaving the hotel. I just wandered around for a while, and by eleven o'clock, I was almost sober." He hesitated, licking his lips like a starving cat.
[721] "Go on," the father said softly, "Did you go to Fuchs' house?"
[722] Dare's eyes filled with sorrow as he said, "Yes, but I didn't go in. I saw the bright lights and all the police and immediately realized I was trapped. I knew I had been set up, and my first thought was that things had gone wrong. So, I turned around and ran away, into the forest, and then—then they caught me. But it wasn't me, I swear to God, it wasn't!"
[723] The father stood up and paced back and forth. I sighed, as the prosecutor's triumphant smile suggested, things didn't look good.
[724] Even without understanding the law, I could understand how difficult it would be for Dare to escape. He had a criminal record. How could his word alone counter the overwhelming circumstantial evidence?
[725] "Did you not get the fifty thousand?"
[726] "Fifty thousand?" Deo exclaimed, "Tell you, I didn't even see it!"
[727] "Well, Deo," the father said, "we'll do our best to help you."
[728] Hume ordered the two detectives, "Take him back to the detention center."
[729] Deo didn't have a chance to say more before they escorted him out.
[730] Although we had high hopes, our meeting with Deo did not yield much additional evidence. Deo was detained in the detention center, awaiting the convening of the grand jury, and we could not prevent him from being charged. Based on some things Hume told the father before we left, the father, who is well-versed in political tactics, believed that Deo would soon become a victim of "judicial justice." In New York City, due to the large number of cases in the courts, most criminal cases take several months to go to trial. However, in New York's northern region, cases are generally rare, and with the prosecutor's special attention due to political reasons, they will undoubtedly put pressure on this case to be quickly resolved, and Allen Deo may be charged, convicted, and sentenced in a very short time.
[731] "No one wants this case to drag on, Inspector," Hume said.
[732] "Yes," the father said cheerfully, "the prosecutor wants to add another scalp to his belt, and the Fuestes want blood for blood. Where's Dr. Fuestes? Have you contacted him?"
[733] "Please, Inspector," Hume said, his face turning red and his voice urgent, "I don't care about your sarcasm. I've already said that I truly believe this guy is the killer, and the circumstantial evidence is too strong. My judgment is based on facts, not theories! You're insinuating that I'm trying to make political capital..."
[734] "Cool down," the father said calmly, "you're honest, but you're also blind, too eager to solve the case and ignoring many clues. From your perspective, I can't blame you. However, Hume, this whole thing is too bizarre. All the evidence points directly to the obvious suspect, which is too rare, and doesn't fit psychology. This poor guy couldn't possibly be the killer, that's all... You still haven't answered me about Dr. Ella Fuestes' whereabouts."
[735] "I haven't found him yet," Hume whispered, "Inspector, I'm sorry you have such an opinion about Derao. The facts are right in front of you, but why do you insist on looking for complex explanations? There's almost nothing left to conclude the case, except for the symbolic meaning of the wooden box - which isn't important unless it involves some historical significance - and a few minor details."
[736] "Is that so?" the father said, "Then we'll leave it at that."
[737] So we returned to the hilltop Clyde house, greatly disappointed.
[738] On Sunday, the father and Elyot Clyde spent the day at the mine, fruitlessly reviewing the ledgers. As for me, I stayed in my room, visibly upset and smoking a whole pack of cigarettes, pondering the whole case. I lay in bed, stretched out, with the sun warming my ankles but not my heart. I shivered at the thought of Daryl's terrible predicament and my own helplessness. Despite my logical reasoning, I couldn't find any real evidence that could prove Daryl's innocence in a court of law. They won't believe me…
[739] Jeremy knocked on my door: "Wake up, Petty, come riding with me."
[740] "Go away, kid."
[741] "Petty, the weather is simply splendid today. The sun, the leaves, everything is beautiful. Let me in."
[742] "What! Dress up in my pajamas to entertain a young man?"
[743] "Please, I just want to talk to you."
[744] "You promise not to misbehave?"
[745] "I don't promise anything. Let me in."
[746] "Alright," I sighed, "the door isn't locked. Jeremy, if you insist on taking advantage of a weak woman, then I can't do anything about it."
[747] He came in and sat on the edge of my bed, the sun shining on his curly hair.
[748] "Did Daddy's precious son eat his vegetables today?"
[749] "Cut the nonsense, Patty, let's be serious. I want to talk to you."
[750] "Feel free, your tonsils look very healthy."
[751] He took my hand: "Why don't you let go of these awful things?"
[752] I sighed up at the ceiling: "That's your opinion, you don't understand me, Jeremy. Don't you see, an innocent person is facing the prospect of the electric chair?"
[753] "Leave it to those who are most qualified to handle it."
[754] "Jeremy Clay," I spat, "that's the most idiotic thing I've ever heard. Who's the most qualified? Hume? The pretty boy who just talks about lofty ideals and can't see anything below his nose? Keene? Stupid and cold, disgusting to the core; and add to that the laws of Riz, son, and that's enough to make Allen Darrow a ghost."
[755] "What about your father?" he asked with a touch of malice.
[756] "Well, Dad's on the right track, but if I can lend a hand, it won't hurt... And, Mr. Clay, stop rubbing my hand. You're almost rubbing the skin off."
[757] He leaned closer. "Percy, dear, I—"
[758] "Now," I sat up from the bed, "you should leave. When a young man's temperature is abnormal and his eyes are full of desire, it means he should leave."
[759] After he left, I sighed. Jeremy was a gentleman, but he was no help in rescuing Allen Darrow from the clutches of circumstantial evidence.
[760] Then I thought of Mr. Philo Vance, feeling much better. If all other paths lead nowhere...
[761] Chapter Eight: The Deus Ex Machina
[762] When reviewing this case, there was one thing I found very important: the mysterious absence of the victim's brother. In my opinion, Hume was too careless not to take notice of Dr. Westcott's disappearance. I had already formulated a plan of action against this cunning gentleman. His delayed appearance not only aroused my interest but also angered me.
[763] Perhaps I thought too much, even if Dr. Westcott finally appeared, the prosecutor would not pursue him too much for his whereabouts in the past few days. However, I still felt that no one should be too careless. After seeing his true face, I completely agreed with my father's opinion: Mr. Elias Clay's suspicion of him was not entirely unfounded.
[764] It was not until Monday night, two days after we questioned Allen Darrow, that Dr. Westcott finally appeared. Monday passed peacefully, and my father told Mr. Clay Sr. that he was giving up the case, all the clues led to a dead end, and there were no documents or records to prove Dr. Westcott's guilt. The investigation ultimately found no evidence against him.
[765] On Monday at lunchtime, we first learned from Mr. Elias Clay that Dr. Westcott had returned.
[766] "My partner has returned," he announced breathlessly, "this morning."
[767] "What! Why didn't Keneen or Hume tell me? When did you find out?" exclaimed my father.
[768] "Just now. That's why I rushed home for lunch. Dr. Baskerville called me from the city."
[769] "What did he say? How did he find out? Where did he go?"
[770] Mr. Clay wore a weary smile and shook his head. "I don't know. He seemed quite downcast. He told me he called me from Hume's office."
[771] "I'd like to meet this guy," the father frowned, "Where is he now?"
[772] "You'll have your chance soon. He's coming over tonight to talk to me. I didn't tell him about your experience, but I mentioned you're staying here."
[773] Not long after dinner, Dr. Westcott, the protagonist, arrived in a luxurious car, which the father joked as "the fat of the land," driven by a driver who looked quite intimidating, clearly a boxer by his appearance, with flattened ears and nose. I have no doubt that he was not only the driver but also the boss's bodyguard.
[774] Westcott was tall and pale-skinned, with a resemblance to his deceased brother, but with healthy yellow teeth, a smile like a horse, and a well-groomed black short beard, exuding the smell of tobacco and disinfectant - an interesting yet annoying politician-doctor smell that did not add to his charm. I thought he was older than his senator brother, and later found out that my guess was correct. He had a very obvious unpleasant aura, and I thought this type of person might become a cunning politician in the small town. The unpleasant impression made me think of Rufus Cotton, the opposition party leader, and I truly felt sorry for the kind-hearted people of Tillbury County, who would not envy the days of being hammered between hammers and anvils.
[775] Elihu Clay introduced him, staring straight at me, and I immediately confirmed one thing: I dare not be alone with this gentleman doctor, even if all the gold in the world is given to me. He had a disgusting habit of licking his lips with his tongue, which, according to my past experience with some unpleasant people, was an absolute sign of a man with bad intentions. Moreover, Dr. Westcott was a man that even the most clever women could not control, and he would take advantage of every opportunity without any restraint.
[776] I told myself, "Percy Sam, be careful and change your plan."
[777] After scanning me with his eyes like an X-ray, he turned and put on a shocked expression of a grieving relative. He looked exhausted, and Mr. Clay introduced him as "Mr. Sam" without elaborating, and in that moment, I felt that he seemed to have some doubts about my father, but my presence must have reassured him. After the introduction, he spent most of his time talking to his partner.
[778] "I had the most terrible day with Kenyon and Hume," he said, stroking the short beard under his chin, "Clay, you can't imagine how much this has affected me. Murder! Oh, it's so barbaric—"
[779] "Of course," Clay murmured, "Did you know about this until this morning when you came back?"
[780] "I had no idea. I should have told you where I was going before I left last week, but I never thought—I've been away from civilization for a few days, without even reading the newspaper—it's hard to imagine—this Derro… He must be crazy!"
[781] "So you don't know him then?" my father asked casually.
[782] "Of course not, I've never seen him. Hume showed me the letter he found in Joel's desk—oh, no—" he bit his lip quickly, his eyes darting around like lightning, realizing he had made a mistake—"I mean, the letter was found in Joel's room, in the safe on the second floor. I was terrified, blackmail! Incredible, absolutely incredible. I'm sure there must have been some terrible mistake."
[783] So he knew Fanny Kaiser too! I thought to myself, that letter… He was thinking about the note Joel had written to the old hag, not the ransom note written by Derouge with a pencil. Now I felt that his excitement was not entirely feigned. Of course, his tone was insincere, but it was clear that he was troubled by something. He was haunted by a ghost, looking like he was sitting under the sword of Damocles and watching the thread holding it break.
[784] "You must be very upset, Dr. Busteed," I said softly. "I can imagine how you feel, murder…" I shivered slightly, and his gaze shifted to me, examining me with personal interest. He licked his lips again, just like a villain with a small mustache in a melodrama.
[785] "Thank you, dear," he said in a low voice.
[786] The father was not yet satisfied: "This Derou," he frowned, "must have something on your brother."
[787] The ghost seemed to have returned, and Dr. Fuchs forgot my presence. It was clear that the ghost was the skeletal prisoner in the detention cell. Fanny Kater was certainly involved, but why was Dr. Fuchs so afraid of Derou? What power did the poor wretch have over them?
[788] "Hume is very active," Clay said, studying his cigar.
[789] Dr. Fuchs waved off the prosecutor's topic: "Oh, yes, of course. Hume didn't bother me, he just had a small deviation in his political views. People like that are terrible, using other people's tragedies as capital for their own politics. It seems it was in the newspaper - he used my brother's murder case to increase his political advantage, votes were more important to him than murder... but it doesn't matter, what matters is this dreadful crime."
[790] "Hume seems to think the killer is Derou," the father said, sounding like he was merely repeating rumors.
[791] The doctor glared at the father, "Of course! Wasn't it him?"
[792] The father shrugged, "That's what they say, I don't know much. But it seems some residents in the city believe that Deroy the fool was set up."
[793] "So that's it," he bit his lip and furrowed his brow, "I didn't think of that. Of course, you know, I insist on justice being served, but at the same time, we can't rely solely on personal intuition to hinder justice." His voice sounded like a shriek, and his tone was like a puppet master with eloquent words. He said, "I'll look into it. Tell Hume...”
[794] I had a lot of questions almost bursting out, but the father's gaze stopped me, and I had to stand aside obediently.
[795] "So," Dr. Fuchs stood up, "Mr. Clay, allow me to take my leave. And you, Miss Sam, I hope to have the pleasure of meeting you again... alone." He murmured, then squeezed my hand, stroking my fingers, "You understand, don't you?" Then he said loudly, "It's a terrible blow, I have to go back. There are many trivial matters... I'll go to the mine tomorrow morning, Clay, we'll talk about it then."
[796] After his car drove off, Elias Clay asked his father, "Well, Sergeant, what do you think of my partner?"
[797] "I think he's a fraud."
[798] Clay sighed. "I had hoped my suspicions were unfounded. It's strange, why did he come here tonight? He said on the phone that he wanted to come and talk to me, and now he says he'll talk tomorrow."
[799] "I can tell you why," my father spoke quickly. "He heard some rumors – probably from Hume – he knows the real reason I came here!"
[800] "You really think so?" Clay murmured.
[801] "Yes, he came here to try to get the drop on me, maybe just out of suspicion."
[802] "That's terrible, Sergeant."
[803] His father worries, "It's not good, I don't like him at all."
[804] That night, I dream of a group of terrible monsters crawling onto my bed, each with neatly trimmed beards and horse-like eyes. Luckily, I wake up to find it was just a dream.
[805] After breakfast, my father and I immediately set out for the city prosecutor's office.
[806] "Honestly tell me," my father yelled at Hume before he could greet him, "did you tell that guy, Fuchs, about my real purpose for coming here yesterday?"
[807] Hume raised his eyebrows, "Me? Of course not. What's going on? Does he know about you?"
[808] "Listen, he knows everything. He went to see Clay last night. His attitude towards me must have given it away."
[809] "I think it was Kenyon who leaked it."
[810] "He's Fuchs' informant, isn't he?"
[811] The prosecutor shrugged, "As someone who follows the law every day, even in private conversations, I wouldn't say such things. But you can draw your own conclusions, detective."
[812] "Dad, don't be so harsh," I said sweetly, "Mr. Hume, I don't mind if you reveal a little more about what happened here yesterday, do you?"
[813] "Nothing much, Miss Sam, Fitch claimed that his brother's murder shocked him, and he didn't know anything, which doesn't help our investigation at all."
[814] "Did he mention where he went this weekend?"
[815] "No, I didn't ask."
[816] I glanced at my father: "Detective, I suppose he was with some woman, right?"
[817] "Shh, Petty!"
[818] "We've had meetings and disagreements," Hume said coldly, "I've had someone watching him. He secretly met with his group of crooked politicians yesterday. I'm sure they're planning something underhanded, and they need to cover up the damage caused by Senator Fuchs's death."
[819] Father waved his hand: "Sorry, Hume, I'm not interested in your political disputes. What I want to know is, does he know anything about the wooden box?"
[820] "He said he didn't know?"
[821] "Has he met Dero?"
[822] Hume paused for a few seconds. "Yes, and it's interesting, well, not really. Our decision to prosecute Dero hasn't changed, in fact, it's made him even more suspicious."
[823] "What happened?"
[824] "We took Dr. Baskerville to the detention center to see Dero."
[825] "Then what?"
[826] "Then, no matter what our respected doctor said, he actually knows D'Orsay. He pounded on the desk, "I am very sure that there must be something between them, damn it, it seems they have conspired to keep silent. I strongly feel that if they keep silent about something, it's beneficial for both parties."
[827] "I don't understand, Mr. Hume," I murmured, "your words are too abstract."
[828] He looked quite unhappy: "Generally speaking, I don't pay much attention to such things, but Dr. Bussard hates D'Orsay – not only recognizing him, but also hating him, and even fearing him... As for D'Orsay, I believe that the brief meeting with the doctor gave him some hope. Quite strange, but he has become quite lively."
[829] "As for this," my father said roughly, "I didn't think of it. By the way, have there been any new developments in Dr. Boul's autopsy report?"
[830] "No further discoveries, the same as the judgment on the night of the murder."
[831] "How has Miss Fanny Kather been these days?"
[832] "Are you interested?"
[833] "Of course I am, that woman must know something."
[834] "Well, Mr. Hume," he leaned back, "I have my own thoughts about Miss Fanny. Her silence may not save her from the situation. However, I believe that soon we can give her a surprise."
[835] "Are you going to investigate Senator Doherty's letter?"
[836] "Perhaps."
[837] "Go for it, kid. Maybe someday you'll be the President of the United States." He stood up, "Come on, Petty."
[838] "There's one more thing," I said slowly, Hume had his hands clasped behind his head, smiling at me. I asked, "Mr. Hume, have you checked the details of the crime scene?"
[839] "Miss Sam, what do you mean?"
[840] "For example," I said, "did you compare the footprint in front of the fireplace with Senator's shoes or slippers?"
[841] "Oh, yes! That's not Senator Allen's footprint, the slippers don't match—they're too wide, and they're bigger than the shoes he usually wears."
[842] I breathed a sigh of relief: "So, have you checked Allen's shoes, Mr. Hume?"
[843] Hume shrugged: "Dear Miss Sam, everything has been checked, don't forget, the footprint is unclear. It should be Allen's shoes."
[844] I put on my gloves: "Dad, let's go before I get into an argument with someone. Mr. Hume, if Allen really left those two footprints—one on the carpet and one in the fireplace—I'll eat your hat on the street."
[845] Looking back on Allen's strange case now, I find that it can be roughly divided into three stages of development. Although at that time I couldn't know what the future would bring and didn't dare to hope, we were actually moving rapidly towards the end of the first stage.
[846] Looking back at the situation at that time, the development of the situation couldn't be said to be completely unexpected. In fact, subconsciously, I was quite mentally prepared to face these sudden situations.
[847] On the night when the deceased gathered in the study, I planned to ask my father about Mr. Campbell. As mentioned earlier, when Mr. Campbell first stepped into the study, my father's astonished expression was seen by me, and at the same time, from Mr. Campbell's reaction, I was very sure that he recognized my father. I also don't know why I didn't ask my father again later, perhaps the series of stimulating events made me distracted. But now I understand that Mr. Campbell's true identity was important to my father from the beginning, he was like holding a joker in his hand, waiting for the best time to reveal it...
[848] Several days later, when the case was in a state of stagnation and everything seemed desperate, Allen Daryl's shadow suddenly appeared again in front of me. At that time, Jeremy was staring at my feet - I remember I was sitting on the porch with him, and he was holding my ankle, praising my ankle in a hollow way - my father was on the phone in Mr. Campbell's study, he rushed out of the porch and pulled me out of Jeremy's dreamy words.
[849] "Petty," he whispered in my ear, "It's too beautiful! I just got a call from Allen Daryl!"
[850] Then I suddenly remembered all the questions about Allen Daryl: "Oh my god! I was just going to ask you, who is he?"
[851] "There's no time now, I'm going to meet him on the outskirts of Leeds, he asked me to meet him at a small motel on the highway. Go and change your clothes quickly."
[852] My father came up with a ridiculous excuse - something about receiving a call from an old friend - to borrow a car from the Clay family and take me with him. We talked about the road several times, both of us were excited by curiosity, and finally found the agreed location.
[853] "You'll be surprised," my father parked the car, "Carmichael is a government spy."
[854] I widened my eyes: "Oh, God, that's too surprising, isn't it the FBI?"
[855] My father chuckled, "It's a federal agent under the jurisdiction of the Washington Justice Department. I met him a few times before, he's one of the top talents in the agency, and when he walked into Mr. Fitch's study that day, I recognized him, but I didn't want to reveal his identity. I thought since he was pretending to be a secretary, he wouldn't want me to expose him."
[856] The small inn was far from the highway, quite quiet, and there were no guests early in the morning. The father had handled it smartly, booking a private dining room, and the innkeeper's knowing smile suggested that we were taken for a pair of passionate American lovers – an old gray-haired man and a young girl young enough to be his daughter – seeking privacy and excitement. It was only natural, given the American lifestyle.
[857] We were led to a room, and the father laughed, "No, Petty, I'm not looking for excitement." The door opened, and Carmichael quietly walked in. He locked the door, and soon the waiter knocked, to which the father barked, "Go away," prompting the experienced waiter to chuckle softly outside.
[858] They shook hands happily, and Carmichael bowed to me: "From your expression, Miss Samuels, your old man has already told you about me."
[859] "You're with the Royal Cavalry, I mean, the FBI," I exclaimed, "It's so exciting. I thought only in detective novels could you find people like you."
[860] "We do exist," he said anxiously, "but we're not as carefree and happy as the young agents in detective novels. Detective, I'm on a tight schedule, I can only sneak out for an hour." His demeanor exuded a newfound confidence and danger. I sighed, admiring his sturdy build and ordinary face, wishing he had the appearance of Jeremy Clark.
[861] "Why didn't you contact me earlier?" the father asked, "I was almost going crazy waiting for your call."
[862] "I couldn't," he paced around the room like an animal, his steps silent, "I was being watched, first I suspected it was Fanny Kaiser probing me, then Dr. Bussard. My identity hasn't been exposed yet, but it's almost there. Detective, I don't want to reveal my identity unless absolutely necessary..."
[863] I was curious about what he would say.
[864] "Start," the father growled.
[865] Carmichael calmly explained that he had been tracking Senator Bussard and the corrupt political party in Tireland for a long time, and almost everyone was involved in tax evasion.
[866] He went to great lengths to infiltrate the group and become Senator Vesper's secretary – it seemed his predecessor was too impatient and failed – he carefully and systematically collected evidence of Senator Vesper's accomplices' tax evasion.
[867] "Did Ella include her?" asked the father.
[868] "He's the most difficult and cunning one."
[869] The letter Senator Vesper wrote to Fanny Katherine mentioned C as Mr. Carmichael, who had been wiretapping from outside the house but was later discovered. He had been laying low since the murder.
[870] "Mr. Carmichael, what kind of person is Fanny Katherine?" I asked.
[871] "She's involved in every dirty deal in Tireland County. She works with Baxter's crew—they protect her, and she gives them a big share of the profits. Hume should soon dig it all up, and those scoundrels will get what's coming to them."
[872] Regarding Dr. Baxter, Cameron described him as an octopus, the mastermind behind his brother's back. He embezzled through his brother's subsidiary, which invested in marble contracts without Elijah's knowledge. Cameron provided detailed information about how the county and the city of Riz were signing illegal marble contracts with Elijah's company without his knowledge. The father took detailed notes.
[873] "However, I came here," the federal agent said briefly and firmly, "there is something more important. Since I can still stay at the Baxter house under the pretext of organizing the senator's belongings, there are some things about him that I should tell you first... about this murder case, the information I have may be quite interesting!"
[874] Father and I both jumped up: "Do you know who did it?" I called.
[875] "No. However, I discovered some things in my investigation that, if I told Hume, I would have to reveal my source and my true identity, which I do not want to do."
[876] I sat up straight, will the details that Campbell holds be the crucial key I've been seeking?
[877] "I've been observing the Senator for months. After he sent me away that night of the murder, I had a hunch that something was off, so I decided to stay and see what would happen. I hid behind the bushes outside the porch walkway at 9:45, and for the next fifteen minutes, no one came to the front door."
[878] "Wait, Mr. Campbell," I exclaimed, "you watched the front door for the entire fifteen minutes from 10:00 to 10:15?"
[879] "Yes, until I returned to the house at 10:30. But let me finish."
[880] I almost screamed with joy: victory!
[881] He continued, saying that at ten o'clock, a man with his eyes covered fast walked through the walkway, up the steps, and rang the doorbell. Mr. Carmichael saw Mr. Fitch's silhouette reflected in the frosted glass, and it was clear that the Senator recognized the man. No one else entered the house after that. At 10:25, the same masked man left alone. Mr. Carmichael waited for five minutes, growing more suspicious, and at 10:30, he entered the house to find the Senator dead behind his desk. Unfortunately, Mr. Carmichael could not describe the visitor's appearance in detail, as his face below the eyes was covered, and it was pitch black outside. Of course, it could have been Allen Darrow.
[882] I dismissed the thought impatiently. Time, time! That was the most important thing.
[883] "Mr. Carmichael, are you absolutely certain that you watched the front door for the entire time from when you left the house until you returned, and that no one else entered besides the masked man?"
[884] He seemed a bit hurt: "Dear Miss Sam, if I were not certain, I would not have said so just now."
[885] "Was the person who entered and left the same?"
[886] "Absolutely."
[887] I took a deep breath, and now only one point was missing for my argument to be complete: "When you entered the study and found the Senator dead, did you go to the fireplace?"
[888] "No."
[889] We parted on the understanding that we would not reveal today's meeting to anyone. On the way back to the Clay home, my mouth was dry, and the entire argument was so perfect and simple that it almost frightened me... I looked at my father, who was biting his teeth and had a troubled look in his eyes.
[890]
[891] "Dad," I said softly, "I've figured it out."
[892] "What?"
[893] "I can prove Allen Dare is innocent."
[894] The car swerved sharply, my father cursing under his breath as he corrected the steering: "You're at it again! Do you mean to say that what Carmichael just said is enough to prove Dare's innocence?"
[895] "No, it just fills in the last small piece of the puzzle. The whole thing is as clear as a diamond."
[896] For a moment, he fell silent, then spoke: "What evidence?"
[897] I shook my head, a point that had been bothering me from the start: "There's nothing that would stand up in court."
[898] He grumbled, "Tell me about it, Petty."
[899] The wind howled past us as I spoke for ten minutes, my father listening silently until I finished, then he nodded.
[900] "Sounds good," he murmured. "Sounds great. Damn, it's like old Phil talking about his deductive miracles, but—"
[901] I was disappointed, seeing that my poor father was clearly struggling with indecision.
[902] "Well," he sighed heavily, "it's too hard for me, my dear Petty daughter, I admit I'm not qualified to make a judgment, especially on this one point that I don't agree with. Petty," he gripped the steering wheel tightly, "it looks like we'll have to take a little trip."
[903] I gasped, "Dad! Not now?"
[904] He chuckled. "Tomorrow morning. We should make a run for it and talk to that old crow."
[905] "Dad! Please explain who we're going to see?"
[906] "Of course, Rene. Little girl, if there's anything wrong with your theory, he'll point it out. I'm at a loss."
[907] So we began to make arrangements. The next morning, without revealing the source of the information, my father told Illyusha Klay about all of Dr. Bust's schemes and advised him not to take any action until we return.
[908] Then we set off, of course without much hope.
[909] Chapter Nine: A Logic Lesson
[910] Hamlet Manor was immersed in a lush greenery, with a vast blue sky as the backdrop and the chirping of countless birds as the walls. As an overly civilized person, I would not be melancholic about the simple beauty of this land; however, I must admit that the joy and vitality of this paradise have infected me, especially after spending so much time in polluted air and concrete buildings, which now makes me feel relieved and relaxed.
[911] We saw Philo Rine sitting cross-legged on a grassy hilltop in the sunlight, his face slightly sad as he took a spoonful of syrup from the strange elf Quixi's hand. The skin-toughened little old man made a face, but Rine swallowed the syrup with disgust, pulling his white cotton robe tighter around him. Despite being seventy years old, his upper body was quite muscular, but he was terribly thin, and his health did not seem good.
[912] Then he looked up and saw us.
[913] "Sam!" he exclaimed, his face glowing, "and Perkins, dear! You're a better remedy than the potion you're holding, Caliban!"
[914] He jumped up, warmly shaking our hands, his eyes shining with excitement, babbling like a child. His warm welcome touched us deeply. He sent Quixi to prepare cold drinks and then sat me down by his feet.
[915] "Perkins," he looked at me seriously, "you're like an angel, what wind blew you and the constable here? I can assure you, it's a great blessing to me."
[916] "Are you ill?" Father's low voice asked anxiously.
[917] "Unfortunately, old age has not left me alone. It seems I've made a contract with every ailment in the medical chart. Now, let's talk about you and your purpose for coming. What happened? How's the investigation going? Did you catch that scoundrel Dr. Vespucci and put him in jail?"
[918] Father and I exchanged surprised glances: "Mr. Reineck, haven't you seen the newspaper?"
[919] "What?" His smile faded, and his gaze sharpened as he looked at us. "No, my doctor has forbidden me from receiving any mental stimulation until today... From your expressions, it's clear that something completely unexpected has happened."
[920] So Father told him about Senator Joel Vespucci's murder. Upon hearing the word "murder," the old gentleman's eyes lit up, his cheeks flushed, and his cotton robe slipped off him as he gasped for breath. His gaze then shifted from Father to me, and he asked a few critical questions.
[921] "Hmm..." Finally, he spoke, "Interesting, very interesting. But why did you leave there? Mr. Percy, that's not like you. Giving up the hunt? I thought you would never stop until the last moment, like a well-trained purebred terrier."
[922] "Oh, she certainly didn't give up," Father complained, "But the fact is, Mr. Lane, we're in a bind and don't know what to do. Petty had an idea - damn it, it sounds like you! We wanted to hear your opinion."
[923] "If I can help," Mr. Lane grimaced, "I'll be glad to, but I'm afraid I'm not up to it right now."
[924] At this point, Quincey returned with a tray of sandwiches and drinks, staggering. Mr. Lane watched us enjoy, with a somewhat impatient expression.
[925] "Can you please," as soon as we finished hastily, he spoke quickly, "start from the beginning and tell me everything, without omitting any details."
[926] "Damn it, you had to remind me of those glorious past," the old gentleman murmured, "Continue, Peacham. I'll watch your lips and you'll tell me everything, no details left out."
[927] So I told him the story of Bustle's murder, describing everything in meticulous detail—including the random events, evidence, and impressions of everyone involved. He sat like a jade Buddha, reading my lips with his eyes. There were times when his peculiar eyes glinted, and he nodded slightly, as if he heard something very important from my words.
[928] After finishing the testimony of Carmichael at the Highway Inn, the story was over. He nodded lightly, smiling, and lay back on the warm grass. As he gazed at the sky, father and I sat quietly. His chiseled face showed no emotion, and I sighed and closed my eyes, wondering what his conclusion was. Was there anything too rash in my analysis? Would he question the theory I had thought long and hard about?
[929] I opened my eyes, and Mr. Reine was sitting up again.
[930] "Allen Darrow," he said solemnly, "is innocent."
[931] "Ah!" I exclaimed. "See, Dad, what do you think of your daughter now?"
[932] "I never said he was guilty," my father complained. "What bothered me was the way you went about your deductions," he blinked in the sunlight and looked at Mr. Lestrade. "What do you think?"
[933] "So your conclusions are the same," Mr. Lestrade murmured. "You remind me of Samuel Johnson's definition of poetry - the art of inventing - inventing surprising things. You are the greatest poet."
[934] "Sir," I said gravely, "that is too flattering."
[935] "My dear, if I were younger..." Then he asked, "Now tell me, how did you deduce that Aaron Dequoi is innocent."
[936] I comfortably sat on the grass beside his feet and began to concentrate on my argument.
[937] "Senator Baskerville's right arm had two strange wounds: one was a knife wound near the upper side of the wrist, and the other - according to the coroner Dr. Bull's statement, certainly not a knife wound - about four inches higher than the first wound. Moreover, Dr. Bull said that these two wounds were formed almost simultaneously just before the body was found. Since this violent murder had just happened recently, I think it's reasonable to assume that these two wounds were left during the act of murder."
[938] "Yes," the old gentleman murmured, "Yes, that's very reasonable. Go on."
[939] "This has puzzled me from the beginning, how could two different weapons cause wounds at the same time? Think about it, you will find it quite unusual. Mr. Reen, I am a suspicious girl, and I believe this must be resolved first."
[940] He smiled even more: "Perkins, within a radius of ten thousand miles, I would never commit any crime. Dear, your judgment is sharp! So, what is your conclusion?"
[941] "Well, the knife wound is easily explained. Given the position of the body in the chair behind the desk, it is easy to imagine the process of the crime. The killer must have been standing in front of the victim, perhaps slightly to one side, and he picked up the paper knife on the table and stabbed the victim. What happened next? Senator Baskerville would instinctively raise his right arm to block the attack, and the knife would have grazed his wrist, leaving the sharp wound. Based on the facts, I can only conclude that this is what happened."
[942] "As clear as a photo, dear, wonderful. And what about the other wound?"
[943] "I was just about to say. The other mark is not a knife wound, or at least not the same knife that caused the sharp wound on Senator Baskerville's wrist. Moreover, this second mark was left on his right arm at the same time as the wrist was slashed, and it is important to note that it is four inches higher than the knife wound."
[944] "Excellent."
[945] "So, considering the second wound, we can now think that there must be something sharp-edged on the killer's arm. What could be on the killer's arm, four inches away from the knife he held?"
[946] The old gentleman nodded quickly: "What's your conclusion, Percy?"
[947] "A woman's bracelet," I declared triumphantly, "cutting into Senator's exposed arm as his wrist was cut by the knife – remember, he was shirtless when he was killed – must have been a gem or a piece of gold or silver thread!"
[948] Father muttered under his breath, and Mr. Reen smiled: "I must emphasize again: very clever, dear, but there's a flaw. Do you think the killer was a woman?"
[949] I was stunned. Had I messed up? My thoughts were in turmoil, and I blurted out, "Ah, you mean a man's cufflink? Of course! I had thought of it, but I had an intuition that a woman's bracelet seemed more reasonable."
[950] He shook his head: "Dangerous, Percy. Don't make such mistakes again. Stick to the possibilities of logic… So now we've deduced that the killer could be a man or a woman." He smiled slightly. "Perhaps this is just an example that is not fully understood. The Pope once said that all opinions that do not agree are due to the inability to understand the true harmony. Who knows? But Percy, please continue. I'm intrigued."
[951] "Now, Mr. Lestrade, regardless of whether the person who committed the murders and caused those two wounds was a man or a woman, there is one thing we can be sure of: the killer used his left hand to attack the Senator with the knife."
[952] "How do you know, dear?"
[953] "It's simple. The knife wound is on the Senator's right wrist, and the abrasion caused by the cufflink is four inches higher on his arm: that means the abrasion is on the left side of the knife wound. Do you follow so far? If the killer used his right hand, the abrasion should be on the right side of the knife wound, which can be proven with a simple test. That means if the killer used his right hand, the abrasion would be on the right side; if he used his left hand, it would be on the left side. What does this mean? Since the abrasion is on the left side of the knife wound, my conclusion is that the killer used his left hand, unless he was upside down, which is, of course, impossible."
[954] "Inspector," the elderly gentleman said politely, "you should be proud of your daughter. It's truly remarkable. A woman with such crystal-clear reasoning ability, Percy, you are a priceless gem. Please continue."
[955] "Mr. Lestrade, do you agree so far?"
[956] "In the face of your firm and logical arguments, I yield," he chuckled, "so far, it's perfect. But be careful, dear, you forgot to draw an important conclusion."
[957] "I didn't," I countered, "I deliberately left it out because I haven't gotten to that point... According to Magistrate Magnus's account, twelve years ago, Allen Dare was serving time in Aganippe Prison as a right-hander. Is that what you're referring to?"
[958] "Yes, I'm curious to know what your explanation is for that."
[959] "Well, two years after he entered Aganippe Prison, he had an accident that paralyzed his right hand. From then on, he learned to use his left hand exclusively, so for the past ten years, he has been a left-hander."
[960] Father sat up straight. "Here it is," he said excitedly. "Mr. Lestrade, this is the most perplexing part for me."
[961] "I understand what you're troubled about," the old gentleman said, "Continue, Percy."
[962] "For me," I declared loudly, "everything is clear. I insist - although I admit that there is no concrete evidence other than common sense and observation to support my theory - that right-handedness and left-handedness apply equally to feet and hands."
[963] "Please, Percy, what on earth are you talking about?"
[964] "Dad! What I mean is, people who are naturally right-handed will also be right-footed; similarly, people who are naturally left-handed will be left-footed. I know I'm right-handed and I use my right foot for most things; I've also observed many others, and the results are the same. Now, Mr. Lane, is my assumption reasonable?"
[965] "Percy, I'm not an expert in this area. However, so far, I believe medical theory would support your viewpoint. What's next?"
[966] "Alright, if you agree with that, my next point is that if a right-handed person's right hand loses function, forcing him to learn to use his left hand, as Allen Darrow did ten years ago, then subconsciously, even if his feet are intact, he will begin to use his left foot for most tasks. This is a point that the father has always been suspicious of, but it seems quite reasonable, doesn't it?"
[967] He furrowed his brow: "I'm afraid your logic doesn't hold up in physiology, Percy." My heart sank, as if this point were refuted, my entire argument would collapse, "However," he continued, "another fact from the story you just told is very helpful, namely, that Allen Darrow was also blind in his right eye when his right hand became paralyzed."
[968] "What good does that do?" the father asked, puzzled.
[969] "Very helpful indeed, Inspector. A few years ago, I had the opportunity to consult an expert in this field. Do you remember how important the right and left tendencies were in the case of Brenck?"
[970] The father nodded: "The expert told me that the visual theory, which is widely accepted in the medical field, is that all voluntary movements in childhood rely on vision. He also told me that the neural impulses related to vision, hand, foot, speech, and writing all originate from the same area of the brain - I forgot the exact name."
[971] "Vision consists of two eyes, but each eye is a separate unit on its own, but the consciousness caused by the image of each eye is completely separate and distinct. One eye acts like the sight of a gun, with 'aiming' function, and which eye to aim at depends on whether you are right-handed or left-handed. If the eye that acts as the sight becomes blind, the aiming function will shift to the other eye."
[972] "I understand what you mean," I said slowly, "in other words, right-handed people will use their right eye to aim; and if their right eye becomes blind and they are left with only their left eye, the aiming function will shift over and affect their physiological activities, making them left-handed?"
[973] "That's about right. Of course, I understand that habit is also a factor to consider. But Allen Darrow has been using his left eye for ten years and his left hand as well. Therefore, I am quite certain that, based on habit and neural influence, he has also become accustomed to using his left foot."
[974] "Wow!" I said, "I'm so lucky! From incorrect facts, I have derived the correct answer... If Allen Darrow had been left-handed and left-footed for the past ten years, according to the evidence at the crime scene, there would be a major contradiction."
[975] "You just said it," Mr. Raine encouraged, "the killer must be left-handed, which is consistent with Allen Darrow. So what is this major contradiction you speak of?"
[976] I trembled as I lit a cigarette: "I came to this conclusion from another angle. In describing the case earlier, I mentioned a footprint in the ashpan of the fireplace - a right-footed footprint. From other evidence, it is inferred that something was burned and then extinguished with the foot, which explains the origin of the right-footed footprint. Stepping on the embers to extinguish them - I would pull out his hair if he denied it - stepping on the embers is an unconscious action."
[977] "That's indisputable."
[978] "If you want to step on something, you will use your habitual foot to step on it. I admit, sometimes because of the position you are in, even if you are usually right-handed, you may use your left foot to step on it, but this does not apply to the person in front of the fireplace who stepped on the embers to extinguish them. As I mentioned earlier, we found a left-footed footprint on the carpet in front of the fireplace, directly in front of the pile of ash. This indicates that the person burning the paper was able to freely use both feet without any inconvenience, so which foot did they use to step on the embers? The right foot! Therefore, he is a right-handed person, and by extension, he is also right-handed."
[979] Father grunted in confusion and the old gentleman sighed, "What contradiction does this lead to?"
[980] "This leads to this: the killer used his left hand to hold the knife, but the one who stepped on the embers to extinguish them was a right-handed person. So, there may be two people involved in the case, the left-handed one killed the senator, and the right-handed one burned the paper and stepped on it to extinguish it."
[981] "What's wrong with that, dear?" The old gentleman said softly, "As you said, there are two people involved, so what?"
[982] I glared at him: "You're not serious, are you?"
[983] He grinned, "What's serious about it?"
[984] "Of course, you're joking! Let me continue, what impact does this conclusion have on Allen Dare? I think, regardless of how Allen Dare is related to this case, he is not the person who burned the paper and extinguished the remaining flame. Because, based on our previous conclusion, he should have used his left foot to step, but the evidence found at the scene was a right footstep."
[985] "Excellent. Now, when was the paper burned? The stack of note cards on the table was just opened and only two were used. Senator Fordyce's fatal wound sprayed blood all over the desk, leaving a rectangular-shaped bloodstain on the blotter, which was left by the stack of note cards placed on top of the blotter. However, when we found it, the top paper of the stack was clean - there was no bloodstain on it. How could this be? If Senator Fordyce was killed when the paper was at the top, it would have been stained with blood, as the blotter underneath was stained with blood. Therefore, we can infer that the paper at the top was not the one that was stained with blood when Senator Fordyce's wound sprayed blood. In other words, there was another paper that was stained with blood, which was originally at the top and was later torn off, leaving the clean paper that we saw."
[986] "That's right."
[987] "The two used note cards, we've already explained the whereabouts of one: it was in the envelope addressed to Fanny Katherine, and was definitely written by Senator Baskerville before his death. So the only missing note card - the one burned in the fireplace - was torn off by Father, who confirmed it was torn from the stack on the table - it was torn off, and the bloody one was gone."
[988] "But if this missing note card had blood on it, it must have been torn off after the murder, because the top note card should have had blood on it. Moreover, this note card was burned after the murder, and the embers were extinguished. Who lit the paper and extinguished the embers? Was the murderer also the one who lit the paper and extinguished the embers? If the murderer was indeed the one who lit the paper and extinguished the embers, then I have proven that Darrow could not have been the one who lit the paper and extinguished the embers, and therefore, he could not have been the murderer!"
[989] "Wait a minute!" the old gentleman said softly, "Percy, don't jump to conclusions too quickly. You assumed that the murderer and the one who extinguished the embers were the same person, but can you prove it? You should know that there is a way to prove it."
[990] "Oh, heavens!" Father sighed, looking worriedly at his feet.
[991] "Prove, of course! As you said, if the murderer and the person who put out the ashes are two different people, according to Dr. Boul's statement, the murder happened at 10:20. And Mr. McMichael was outside the house from 9:45 to 10:30, and he only saw one person enter the house and leave the same person. Moreover, the police have thoroughly searched the house and found no one hiding. And from the time Mr. McMichael found the body to the time the police arrived, no one left the house except for the one Mr. McMichael was watching, because the other doors and windows were locked from the inside...” – the father sighed again – "But this is great, Mr. Lain! This means that there are not two people involved in the case, only one from beginning to end, so only one person committed the murder in the study, burned the letter, and put out the ashes. But Allen Deawer, as I have explained before, cannot be the person who put out the ashes, so Allen Deawer cannot be the murderer."
[992] "Therefore, Allen Deawer is as pure as I was ten years ago."
[993] I paused to catch my breath, feeling proud but also a little tired.
[994] Mr. Lain looked a little sad: "Inspector, now I understand that I have become a useless member of society. You have given birth to a true Sherlock Holmes, and the little function I have contributed to the world has been replaced."
[995] "Oh, dear!" the father exclaimed, jumping up, "Do you mean you have more deductions?"
[996] "Many more, Inspector, and much more important."
[997] "Your meaning is," I said eagerly, "I didn't come to the right conclusion? Of course, the conclusion is - if Deau is innocent, then someone deliberately framed him."
[998] "Next?"
[999] "Since Deau's disability, the person who framed him is a right-hander. He deliberately used his left hand to commit the murder, to match the features of Deau as the murderer. But he unconsciously used his right foot to extinguish the embers, showing that he is actually a right-hander."
[1000] "Oh, I didn't mean that. Dear, you may have been too hasty or not considered other factors, leading to more astonishing conclusions."
[1001] The father raised his hands in a surrendering gesture, and I could only humbly say, "And then what?"
[1002] Mr. Rain looked at me sharply, our eyes met, and he smiled: "So you understood, huh?"
[1003] He fell into deep thought, and I played with a piece of grass, not knowing what to say...
[1004] "Pay attention!" The father shouted, "I'll test you too, just thought of it. Okay, Petty, answer. How can you be sure that the person who left footprints on the carpet and extinguished the remaining flame is the same person? I know it should be the same person, but if you can't prove it, oh dear, what about your perfect theory?"
[1005] "Petkins, tell him." Mr. Rain said softly.
[1006] I sighed, "Poor old dad! You must be confused. Didn't I prove that only one person was involved? Didn't I ask Cameron if he had walked in front of the fireplace, and didn't he say no? Moreover, didn't Hume tell us that the footprints were not from Senator Buxton? Then who else could have left that footprint except the murderer who also extinguished the embers?"
[1007] "Well, well, what do we do now?"
[1008] Mr. Reine raised his eyebrows, "Dear Chief, isn't it obvious?"
[1009] "What's obvious?"
[1010] "Of course, you must act immediately. You must go back to Rye to see DeO."
[1011] I frowned, really lacking interest. As for my father, he was completely bewildered.
[1012] "See Deaw? What for? That poor fool will only make me nervous."
[1013] "But this is crucial, Inspector," Mr. Raine quickly got up from the hill, his cotton robe sliding down his shoulders, "You must see Deaw before the trial... He seemed to be thinking about something seriously, his eyes suddenly lit up, "By heavens, Inspector, after careful consideration, I believe I would be happy to join your team! Do you think there's any room for me to interfere? Or will your friend John Hume kick me out of Leeds?"
[1014] I shouted, "Great! Father seemed delighted too: "That's fantastic! Petty is quite good, I can't complain. But if you go personally, I'll feel much more secure."
[1015] "But why do you want to see Deaw?" I asked.
[1016] "Dear Percy, we have built a perfect theory from certain facts, now," Mr. Raine extended his bare arm, reaching over my father's shoulder to grasp my hand, "we must stop reasoning and begin some experiments, but first," he looked worried, "we are still lost in the forest."
[1017] "What does that mean, sir?"
[1018] "We are far from the answer," the elderly gentleman said calmly, "Just as we did a week ago, we still do not know who killed Senator Fuchs."
[1019] Chapter 10: The Prison Experiment
[1020] At Hamlet Manor, we had seen Caliban, the bizarre Quixote, and the warm-smiling, deft-handed Falstaff, Mr. Raine's butler and valet. Now, as if in a dream, a red-haired Nordic deity led us out of the spacious courtyard. Mr. Raine insisted on calling him Dromio, and this noble and exalted Dromio drove Mr. Raine's gleaming luxury limousine with the skill of a shrewd Philadelphia lawyer and the grace of a French ballerina prima donna. Under his guidance, our trip to the northern part of New York was filled with beauty and joy, leaving me hoping that it would never end.
[1021] Mr. Reen's and my father's laughter made the journey even more enjoyable. Most of the time, I sat between them, listening dreamily as they talked about the old days. The longer I spent with Mr. Reen, the more I liked him, and the better I understood the secret of his charm. His elegant wit was tempered with gravity, and every word he spoke was so perfectly and unassailably placed that there was no room for questioning or debate; more importantly, his conversation was truly witty. Mr. Reen's life was far richer than that of most people, and he had countless friends who would die for him. During his golden years as a Shakespearean actor, his name was known throughout the land… All these qualities combined to make him a fascinating character.
[1022] What a delightful companion and comfortable car! We were so lucky to have both. Before we knew it, we had arrived at our destination, and time had flown by! The car wound its way down the valley, the river sparkling in the sunlight, and Riese and the prison were now in sight. As I thought about the destination of this journey, a possible death sentence, I shivered. The gaunt face of Allen Darrow began to float in the misty hills, the first time I had felt depressed since leaving Hamlet House. For hours of driving, I had been silent, putting Allen Darrow's case out of my mind, not even mentioning his name—so I had almost forgotten the dark nature of our mission, and now everything was back to reality. I couldn't help wondering if this trip was merely a merciful journey, if we could save that pitiful and contemptible life from the electric chair.
[1023] Racing along the road to Riese, no one spoke for a while. I suppose the thought of this difficult and futile quest for the killer weighed heavily on everyone.
[1024] Then my father spoke: "I think, Percy, we should find a hotel in the city and not bother the Clay family anymore."
[1025] "It's up to you." I said lazily.
[1026] "Tch!" The old gentleman spat, "You can't make decisions on your own, since I've decided to join, I should have a say in the battle plan. I suggest, sir, that you and Mr. Percy go back and bother Mr. Eliot Clay again."
[1027] "But why?" My father protested.
[1028] "There are many reasons, although they are not important, but in the whole strategy, they are crucial."
[1029] "We can tell the Clay family that we are back to re-investigate Dr. Fuchs," I sighed.
[1030] "That's true," my father mused, "I haven't finished investigating that damned scoundrel… but you, Mr. Rain, shouldn't you come along? I mean—"
[1031] "No," the old gentleman smiled, "I don't want to bother the Clay family. I plan to... Where does Father Mool live?"
[1032] "He lives in a small house outside the prison walls," I answered, "right, Dad?"
[1033] "Hmm, that's a good idea. You seem to know him, don't you?"
[1034] "Actually, I'm quite familiar with him, an old friend. I'm going to visit him and, ahem, save some money on lodging. You two can accompany me there, and then Droome will take you to the Clay family."
[1035] The father gave directions to our driver, who drove around the edge of the small town, up the hill towards the large, ugly gray prison. Not long after passing the Clay family's house, we saw a small house covered in ivy, with roses blooming on the stone walls and an empty rocking chair on the porch.
[1036] Droome honked the horn, and Mr. Rain stepped out of the car as the front door of the house opened. Father Mulry appeared at the door, his cassock askew and his face contorted in pain as he struggled to see through his thick glasses.
[1037] Recognizing him, he exclaimed in surprise, his face lighting up with joy: "Philip Rain! I can hardly believe my eyes! How did you end up here? It's wonderful to see you! Come in, come in."
[1038] Mr. Rain murmured a few words that we couldn't hear, and Father Mulry noticed us sitting in the car. He quickly ran over to us, picking up his cassock.
[1039] "It's an honor to have you here," he exclaimed, "really, I—" His lined face was aglow with excitement, "You can come in too! I've convinced Mr. Rain to stay—he said he'll be in town for a few days—but at least come in for a drink, I think…"
[1040] As I was about to reply, I saw Mr. Rain standing on the porch, shaking his head vigorously.
[1041] "It's too bad," I interjected before my father could speak, "but we have an appointment at the Clay's, and we're already late. We're staying there, you know. Father Mowbray, you're too kind, but next time."
[1042] Dromio dragged the two heavy suitcases onto the porch, smiling at his master, and then returned to the car to take us down the mountain. Only Rene's tall figure remained, walking into the house, while Father Mowbray looked back at us sadly as he entered.
[1043] We easily returned to the Clay's, where we were greeted with no difficulty. In fact, when we arrived, the only person in the house was the old housekeeper, Martha, who, after greeting us, placed us in our usual rooms. An hour later, Jeremy and his father returned from the mine for lunch, and we were already waiting calmly on the porch - perhaps outwardly more composed than inwardly. Mr. Clay greeted us warmly, while Jeremy, the boy, stared at me in disbelief, his eyes fixed on me as if I were a ghost from his past, a memory he never thought he would see again.
[1044] After regaining my composure, the first thing Jeremy did was drag me to a secluded pavilion in the back garden to kiss me. His face and body were covered in stone dust, and as I evaded his practiced hands, I felt his lips brush my left ear, and I knew that I was home and back to normal.
[1045] In the evening, we were awakened by a noisy car horn and stood up to see Mr. Rene's car pull into the driveway. Dromio smiled behind the wheel, and Mr. Rene waved at us from the back seat.
[1046] After introductions, Mr. Reene said, "I'm very curious about that poor fellow in the Ritz jail." He asked casually, as if he had just heard about Allen Darrow's story from somewhere.
[1047] My father understood the hint immediately without batting an eye: "I suppose Father Mowbray mentioned it to you. It's a sad case, and you're going to see the city, aren't you?"
[1048] I couldn't understand why Mr. Reene was so cautious about not letting anyone know about his interest in the case. Of course, he wouldn't be suspicious – I glanced at the Clyde father and son, Mr. Elyot Clyde was delighted to see Mr. Reene himself, and Jeremy looked awestruck. I suddenly remembered that Mr. Reene was a big name, and his relaxed and easygoing attitude clearly showed that he was used to the adoration of the crowd.
[1049] "Yes," he said, "Father Mowbray thinks I can help. I want to see that poor fellow. Can you arrange for me to see him, Inspector? I know the prosecutor will let you visit the prisoner."
[1050] "I can arrange for you to see him, Petty, and you should come too. Clyde, we'll say goodbye for now?"
[1051] We apologized as politely as possible, and two minutes later, we were in the luxurious limousine, heading towards the city.
[1052] "Why don't you want them to know your real purpose for coming here?" the father asked.
[1053] "There's no special reason," Mr. Reen answered vaguely, "I just think it's better to keep it to myself, so as not to disturb the killer..."
[1054] "I think," I said seriously, "that you're just saying that, Mr. Reen. You don't know what you're up to."
[1055] He laughed: "Dear, you think I'm too cunning. My words have no other meaning. Remember, all this is new to me, and I have to figure out my direction before I start."
[1056] We arrived at John Hume's office.
[1057] "You must be Philo Vance," he said after we introduced them. "Mr. Hume, I'm truly honored. You were one of my childhood heroes. What brings you here?"
[1058] "Curiosity, old man," Reane smiled. "Mr. Hume, I'm the kind of person who likes to poke my nose into other people's business. Now that I'm retired, I guess I'm just annoying everyone… I really hope to meet Allen Dare."
[1059] "Oh!" Hume said, glancing quickly at my father and me. "So, the police and Miss Sam are here to help. Well, why not? Mr. Reane, I've explained it to you many times. I'm a citizen's prosecutor, not a citizen's executioner. I believe Dare committed murder, but if you can prove he didn't, I'll be happy to drop the charges against him."
[1060] "Of course, we believe you," Reane said casually. "When can we meet Dare?"
[1061] "Right away, I'll have someone escort you," Hume said.
[1062] "No, no need," the old gentleman said quickly. "We can't afford to interfere with your normal work. Mr. Hume, if it's not too much trouble, we'll go to the detention center ourselves."
[1063] "As you wish," the prosecutor shrugged and wrote a letter on the spot. With the document in hand, we left Hume's office and headed to the detention center, which was just a short distance away. The guard led us through the dim, narrow corridor lined with iron windowed cells to Allen Dare's cell.
[1064] During my visit to Vienna, I was invited by a young, well-known surgeon to tour a newly constructed hospital. I still remember the pitiful expression on the face of an old man sitting on a bench outside a spacious operating room, staring intently at the doctor as we walked out. It was clear that he mistook us for having just operated on his relative. I'll never forget that pathetic face. It was an ordinary face, but in that moment, it was a symphony of complex emotions—a feeble and tragic struggle against fear, unwilling to give up hope…
[1065] When Allen Dare heard the sound of the key turning in the lock of his cell door and saw us standing there, his face twisted in the same way as the old man I had seen in Vienna. Hume the prosecutor had declared that Dare had shown "great excitement" after confronting Dr. Fuchs, and I was curious about what that meant. He was no longer the defendant who was sure of his innocence; instead, his face was filled with desperate hope, like a hunted animal that had found itself cornered and suddenly rekindled a spark of hope. His angular, dirty face resembled a charcoal sketch that had been smudged, his eyes glowing like ghostly flames, his eyes red-rimmed, his beard unkempt, and his clothes dirty. I had never seen anyone so miserable, and my heart ached. I glanced at Philo Vance, and his face was grim.
[1066] The guard slowly unlocked the door and gestured for us to enter, then clicked it shut behind us and locked it again.
[1067] "Hello, hello," Dare's shrill voice echoed, sitting nervously on the edge of the bed.
[1068] "Hello, Dare," my father forced a friendly smile, "We brought someone to see you. This is Mr. Philo Vance, he wants to talk to you."
[1069] "Oh," he replied with a single word, staring expectantly at Mr. Vance.
[1070] "Hello, Dare," the elderly gentleman said softly, then turned his head, glancing alertly down the corridor. The guard was facing away from the cell, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed, appearing to be dozing off, "Would you mind answering a few questions?"
[1071] "Ask away, Mr. Renet, ask away," Deo exclaimed eagerly.
[1072] I leaned against the rough stone wall, feeling dizzy and nauseous. My father had his hands in his pockets, muttering to himself. Meanwhile, Mr. Renet tried his best to look nonchalant and began asking some trivial questions. Deo's answers were either something we had already heard or something he couldn't possibly reveal. I stood up straight, wondering why? What was Mr. Renet's plan? What was the purpose of this terrifying visit?
[1073] They whispered and gradually became familiar with each other - but still no meaningful exchange. I saw my father pacing back and forth, looking bewildered.
[1074] Suddenly, the situation changed, and while Deo was complaining bitterly, the old gentleman suddenly pulled out a pencil from his pocket and, to our surprise, threw it at Deo with a force that seemed to pin him to the bed.
[1075] I screamed, my father cursed in surprise, and looked at Mr. Renet's expression as if he had suddenly gone mad. But Mr. Renet's gaze at Deo awakened me... the poor guy opened his mouth, blindly raised his left arm to try to block the thrown object, and I realized that his withered right arm was hanging in his sleeve.
[1076] "What's going on?" Deroche shrieked, retreating to the bed. "You, you—"
[1077] "Don't worry," Mr. Rene murmured. "I often do this, but it's entirely unintentional. Deroche, can you do me a favor?"
[1078] My father relaxed, smiling at the wall.
[1079] "Help?" Deroche's voice trembled.
[1080] "Yes," the elderly gentleman stood up, lifting the pencil from the stone floor and holding the eraser end towards Deroche. "Would you mind pricking me with this?"
[1081] At the word "poke," D'Arnot's eyes filled with a glimmer of moisture, and he awkwardly grabbed the pencil with his left hand, poking clumsily at Mr. Reine's body.
[1082] "Ha!" Mr. Reine took a step back, calling out satisfied, "Excellent. Now, Inspector, do you happen to have a piece of paper on you?"
[1083] D'Arnot handed the pencil back, puzzled, and the father frowned, "Paper? What for?"
[1084] "Just pretend I'm having another episode," Mr. Reine chuckled, "Hurry, Inspector, Inspector—you're too slow!"
[1085] The father handed over a small notebook, and the old gentleman tore off a sheet of paper from the top.
[1086] "Now, Detective O'Leary," he said, reaching into his pocket, "do you believe we won't harm you?"
[1087] "Well, yes, sir. I'll do whatever you say."
[1088] "Excellent," he lit a match, then calmly dropped the paper onto the ground and stepped back thoughtfully.
[1089] "What are you doing?" Detective O'Leary exclaimed. "Are you trying to set the prison on fire?" He jumped out of bed and frantically stamped out the burning paper with his left foot until there was no trace of fire left.
[1090] "So, I suppose," Mr. Reen smiled faintly, "Mr. Percy, even the most inept escort should be convinced by now. As for you, Detective, are you convinced yet?"
[1091] Father furrowed his brow. "I would never believe it unless I saw it with my own eyes. Wow, quite an eye-opener."
[1092] I breathed a sigh of relief and chuckled, "Why? Dad, you've become a traitor to your faith! Allen Derou, you're so lucky."
[1093] "But I don't understand -" he said, puzzled.
[1094] Mr. Rene patted his shoulder. "Hang in there, Derou," he said kindly. "I think we can get you out of here."
[1095] Father called for the guards, who walked over from the other end of the corridor, unlocking the cell door to let us out. Derou rushed over, grabbing the iron bars of the door and craning his neck, eagerly watching our retreating backs.
[1096] As we walked through the cold corridors, an ominous feeling came over me. The guard followed us, the keys clinking loudly, his face showing a strange expression. Although I kept telling myself that it was just my imagination, I couldn't help but start to feel suspicious. Now I suspect that the guard wasn't really dozing just now. Well, even if he was watching us, what could he do to us? I looked at Mr. Lane, who was lost in thought as he walked, and he didn't seem to notice the guard's expression.
[1097] We returned to the prosecutor's office, where we waited in the reception room for half an hour this time. During this time, Mr. Lane sat with his eyes closed, looking like he was asleep. Mr. Hume's secretary finally came to invite us in, and my father had to tap his shoulder to wake him up. He immediately stood up and muttered apologies, but I believe he had been thinking about something I didn't know about.
[1098] "Well, Mr. Lane," Mr. Hume said, looking at us as we sat down, "you've seen him, so what do you think now?"
[1099] "Before I crossed the street to the detention center, Mr. Hume," the old gentleman said slowly, "I only 'believed' that Arlen Derou was not the murderer of Senator West; now, I 'know' he is not."
[1100] Mr. Hume raised his eyebrows: "You really surprise me, first Miss Sam, then the inspector, and now you, Mr. Lane. Can you tell me what makes you think Derou is innocent?"
[1101] "Mr. Pechins, dear," Mr. Raine says, "you haven't taught Mr. Hume logic yet?"
[1102] "He won't listen," I grumble.
[1103] "Mr. Hume, if you would, please, for the next few minutes, set aside all your preconceptions about this case and let Miss Sam explain why the three of us believe Allen Dare to be innocent."
[1104] This is the third time I have presented my theory in the past few days, hoping to convince Mr. Hume, though I know in advance that a stubborn and ambitious man like him cannot be swayed by logic alone. As I present my conclusions based on facts, including Mr. Carmichael's testimony (though I don't mention his name), Mr. Hume listens politely, nodding several times and radiating what seems to be admiration. Yet when I finish, he only shakes his head.
[1105] "Dear Miss Sam," he says, "this is an excellent analysis, but it does not convince me. First, no jury would believe this analysis, even if they understood it. Second, there is a serious flaw—"
[1106] "Flaw?" Mr. Reane looked incredulous. "As Shakespeare said in a sonnet, roses have thorns, silver springs have mud, and all men have faults. But Mr. Hume, I would be pleased to hear you point out where the flaw lies, if indeed there is one."
[1107] "Well, it's the absurd notion of being right- or left-footed, which cannot be presented in court. Saying that if a man loses his right eye and hand, he will gradually become left-footed. It sounds too hollow, and I doubt its medical validity. Mr. Reane, if this point is not valid, then Miss Samuels' entire theory will crumble."
[1108] "Crumbles?" my father said, spreading his hands.
[1109] "Crumbles, dear prosecutor?" the old gentleman said. "This is one of the most unassailable keys to the case, in my opinion."
[1110] Hume laughed. "Oh, don't be so serious, Mr. Reane. Even if we concede that it follows general laws…"
[1111] "You forgot," Mr. Raine murmured, "we just saw Odo."
[1112] The prosecutor's lips thinned. "So you…"
[1113] "Mr. Hume, our theory is that due to Allen D'Oro's past unique experiences, he would change from being right-footed to left-footed. However, you might argue that this theory may not apply to special cases."
[1114] "Is that so?"
[1115] "Indeed, I threw a pencil at him and he raised his left hand to shield his face; then I asked him to throw the pencil at me, and he did it with his left hand – which proves that he is currently left-handed and that his right hand is actually paralyzed. Then I lit a piece of paper on fire, and he anxiously stomped it out – with his 'left' foot. This, Mr. Hume, is my proof."
[1116] The prosecutor fell silent. It was clear that he was struggling with this issue, deeply troubled, with deep wrinkles between his eyebrows.
[1117] "I need some time," he muttered, "I can't... I can't... I can't convince myself of this... this... this evidence! It's too coincidental, too trivial, and too indirect. The evidence of Allen Dare's innocence is not enough... not specific enough."
[1118] The old gentleman's eyes flashed with coldness: "I believe, Mr. Hume, that according to the spirit of our judicial system, anyone should be considered innocent until proven guilty, not the other way around!"
[1119] "And I believe, Mr. Hume," my anger rising, unable to control my temper, "that you are a hypocrite!"
[1120] "Petty." Father whispered.
[1121] Mr. Hume's face turned red. "Well, I'll look into it. Now, if it's not too much trouble, could you please—I have a lot of work…"
[1122] We left in silence, walking out together.
[1123] "I've seen plenty of stubborn idiots in my life," my father said, fuming, as we sat in the car and Dromio started the engine. "But this boy takes the cake!"
[1124] Mr. Lentz stared at Dromio's red head, deep in thought.
[1125] "Percy, dear," he said mournfully, "it seems we've failed, and all your efforts have been in vain."
[1126] "What does that mean?" I asked anxiously.
[1127] "Mr. Hume's ambition, I fear, will overcome his sense of justice. Moreover, when we were sitting in Mr. Hume's office, chatting away, I suddenly realized we had made a serious mistake. If he is truly as shameless as we think, he could easily exploit this mistake to turn the tables on us -"
[1128] "Mistake?" I exclaimed in terror, "You're not serious, Mr. Reane. What mistake did we make?"
[1129] "Child, it was me," he fell silent for a moment before speaking again, "Who is Deod's lawyer? Or, does that unfortunate man have a lawyer?"
[1130] "It's a local named Mark Corry," Father murmured, "Clay mentioned him today. I don't understand why he took the case, unless he thinks Deod is guilty and has hidden the fifty thousand dollars."
[1131] "Is that so? Where is his office?"
[1132] "In the Scarcity Building next to the courthouse."
[1133] Mr. Raine tapped on the glass. "Turn around, Dromio, head back to the city, to the building next to the courthouse."
[1134] Mark Corry was a middle-aged man, very fat (like a flattened version of the fictional detective Tattler, who was squashed by a novel), very bald, and very shrewd. He didn't bother to put on a show of being busy. When we entered his office, he was lounging in a swivel chair, with his feet on the desk, puffing on a cigar as thick as he was, staring at a dusty portrait of Sir William Blackstone, the eighteenth-century British jurist, on the wall.
[1135] "Ah," he said in a lazy tone after we introduced ourselves. "I was expecting you. Please forgive me for not getting up to greet you — I'm too fat to see the dignity of the law in me... Miss Sam, Mr. Hume told me you had important clues about the Derro case."
[1136] "When did he tell you?" Mr. Lane asked abruptly.
[1137] "Just called over, very nice. Hmm?” Corry's alert little eyes scanned us over, "Why didn't you tell me? I need all the help I can get in this case."
[1138] "Collier," said the father, "we know nothing about you, why did you take on this case?"
[1139] He chuckled like a plump owl: "What an odd question, Inspector, how could you ask such a thing?"
[1140] They exchanged a long, searching look: "Oh, nothing," the father shrugged, finally speaking up, "But tell me, is this case just routine for you, or do you truly believe Deo is innocent?"
[1141] Corryl said slowly, "Damn it, he's guilty."
[1142] We looked at each other: "Well, Petty," the father said gloomily.
[1143] So, I felt like I was telling the story for the hundredth time, and I wearily repeated the analysis based on the facts. Mark Corryl listened, without blinking, nodding, smiling, and almost not showing any interest. When I finished, he shook his head - just like Hume.
[1144] "That's good, but it won't work. Miss Sam, you can't use such a story to convince the country bumpkins on the jury."
[1145] "It's your job to convince the country bumpkins!" The father quickly responded.
[1146] "Mr. Corry, sir," the old gentleman said softly, "never mind the jury, how do you feel about it yourself?"
[1147] "What's the difference, Mr. Reane? Of course, I'll do my best. But the little game you played in the cell today might cost dearly to Mr. Doyle's life."
[1148] "That's too harsh, Mr. Corry," I said, noticing that Mr. Reane winced in pain on his chair as I spoke.
[1149] "You've fallen for the prosecutor's trick," Corry said. "Don't you understand that conducting experiments on the defendant without witnesses can have serious consequences?"
[1150] "But we are the witnesses!" I exclaimed.
[1151] Father shook his head, and Mr. Collier chuckled. "Hume could easily prove that you all had a bias. You've told too many people how much you believe in Deo's innocence."
[1152] "Get to the point," Father growled. And Mr. Raine sank even lower in his chair: "All right, do you understand the predicament you're in? Hume says you rehearsed with Deo so you could act in court!"
[1153] I had a flash of insight, that guard! My intuition was right. I dared not look at Mr. Raine, who sat quietly in his chair.
[1154] "I was afraid of this," Mr. Raine finally said, his voice heavy. "It just occurred to me in Hume's office. It's my fault for not leaving myself any room to argue against the charges. I'm sorry, Mr. Collier, but since my foolishness caused this disaster, I can only make amends in the only way I know how – with money. What's your lawyer's retainer fee?"
[1155] Mr. Collier blinked and spoke slowly. "I took the case because I felt sorry for the poor guy…"
[1156] "Indeed. Tell me how much, Mr. Corryl. Perhaps this will stir up more of your courageous sympathy." The old gentleman pulled out a checkbook and prepared a pen. There was a heavy sigh from Father, and Corryl calmly held up a finger, indicating a number. I felt dizzy, and Father's mouth gaped open.
[1157] But Mr. Lane simply wrote out the check calmly and quietly placed it in front of the lawyer, "Don't spare any expense, and the bill is on me."
[1158] Corryl smiled, glancing sideways at the check on the table, and his nostrils flared slightly, "Mr. Lane, for this lawyer's fee, I would defend even the most heinous criminal."
[1159] "Yes, I was thinking –"
[1160] They continued to talk, and I could only hear a murmur of low voices. The only clear sound was the tolling of the death knell, which rang around Allen Derou's head, and it would only be silenced by a miracle.
[1161] Chapter 11: The Trial
[1162] Over the past few weeks, I found myself deeply immersed in a pit of disappointment, with a blurred vision and only a narrow gap of hope, which was so dim and ominous. The phrase "Allen Deere is doomed" echoed constantly in my mind. I drifted aimlessly around the Clary house, hoping that I would die, and Jeremy probably noticed my despondency and stopped bothering me.
[1163] I took no interest in the things around me, and my father spent all his time hanging around Mr. Rine and arguing with Mr. Collier again and again.
[1164] As the day of Allen Deere's trial approached, I noticed the old gentleman making an effort to lift his spirits and prepare for a historical battle. Occasionally, when I saw him, he was silent and closed his lips tightly. Obviously, he had put all his hopes in Mr. Collier and was busy arranging local doctors in Leeds to testify in court as experts for the defendant; breaking the silence of the prosecutor's office and achieving some success. He also sent a telegram to Dr. Martini in New York City, asking him to come to northern New York to participate in the trial.
[1165] These tasks kept him and my father busy, while I could only sit there waiting, which was a cruel torture. I tried to visit Allen Deere in the prison cell several times, but was turned away at the visiting room. If I had accompanied Mr. Collier, I could have gone there, as he was the defendant's lawyer and had the right to visit his client, but I still hesitated. For some reason, I didn't like this lawyer, and the thought of having to accompany Mr. Collier and face Deere in the cell always made me feel a little repulsive.
[1166]On the other hand, I noticed from the beginning that the case was hopeless. The selection of the jury was tedious and mechanical, with Corry persistently contesting every choice, resulting in a three-day process. I avoided looking at the pitiful old man huddled in the defendant's box, his eyes wide with anticipation, glaring at the judge, and glaring at Stryte and his entourage. I knew, and the silent old man sitting beside me knew, that Allen Darrow was looking for someone, and his silent pleas disturbed me and deepened the wrinkles on Mr. Reen's face.
[1167]We sat in the press gallery, along with Ira Clay and Jeremy, not far from us was Dr. Eula Fossett, who feigned sighs and groans to garner sympathy from the crowd. I also noticed Fanny Kather sitting quietly in the gallery, appearing to be afraid of drawing attention. Father Mull and Warden Magnus were seated behind us, and I caught a glimpse of Mr. Camichael sitting quietly to my left.
[1168]After a satisfactory jury was selected and sworn in, we settled down, waiting for the trial to continue. It didn't take long for us to realize that Stryte had the upper hand. He called several witnesses, laying out the surface facts of the crime. Following the testimony of Inspector Kane, Dr. Bull, and a few other routine witnesses, Mr. Camichael was called to the stand. His solemn and courteous demeanor initially fooled Stryte into thinking him a fool, but Mr. Camichael soon proved himself to be a cunning witness. I noticed a frown of gloom on Dr. Fossett's face.
[1169]This "secretary" played his role flawlessly. He succinctly recounted what he knew, forcing Stryte to repeatedly rephrase his questions in clearer terms, and the trial had not yet reached its core when Stryte began to lose his composure... The half-box and the hastily written signature of "Allen Darrow" were listed as evidence.
[1170]The "secretary" played his role flawlessly. He succinctly recounted what he knew, forcing Stryte to
[1171] After Magnum Opus, the warden took the witness stand and repeated his testimony about Senator Bickford's visit to Alcatraz, although most of the testimony was removed from the record due to Corrigan's strong objection, but it had a profound and indelible impact on the jury - most of the jurors were successful farmers or businessmen with gray hair.
[1172] The trial lasted for several days, and the situation was clear. After the preliminary arguments presented by Sirwit were finished, his task of proving the defendant guilty could be said to have been accomplished elegantly. From the continuous nodding of the journalists, the anxious and focused faces of the jury, I could already feel the atmosphere of the prosecution completing its task.
[1173] On the surface, Mark Collier seemed unaffected by the ominous atmosphere in the courtroom, as he calmly continued to work, and I quickly realized what was going through his mind. He, his father, and Mr. Reine had decided that the only way to make their defense effective was to simply state the details upon which their theory was based, and then draw the inevitable conclusion for the jury. I could also see that the jurors Collier had selected were quite intelligent, as during the selection process, he would quickly disqualify any potential juror who showed any signs of being dull, thus assembling a highly intelligent jury.
[1174] Mr. Collier methodically laid the groundwork, calling Mr. Carmichael to the witness stand, where he first publicly stated that he had hidden outside the house on the night of the murder, observing the masked mystery visitor, and that only one person entered or left the house during the time of the murder. Mr. Sweet questioned Mr. Carmichael's testimony aggressively, asking questions that concerned me and could have resulted in unfavorable answers; however, Mr. Carmichael calmly explained that he had not previously disclosed this because he feared losing his job – thus skillfully concealing his true mission of secretly observing the late Senator. I glanced at Dr. Betsy, whose face was as stormy as a cloudy sky, and I understood that Mr. Carmichael's private investigation work for the government would soon come to an end.
[1175] The farcical show continues, with Dr. Bauer, Cain, my father, and the local police department's experts all testifying—one by one—to build the foundation of my theory, and after Carril carefully records all the facts, he summons Allen Darrow to the witness stand.
[1176] He looked truly pitiful: terrified, constantly licking his lips, mumbling the oath, hunching over in his chair, and with only one eye that looked frightened. Corry quickly began questioning, and it was clear that Darrow had been coached, with the questioning focusing on Darrow's ten-year-old manslaughter conviction in order to block the assistant prosecutor's path and prevent unfavorable testimony against the defendant from being introduced later. For each question, Swift protested loudly, but when Corry calmly pointed out that these questions establishing the basis of the defense were unnecessary to protest, Swift's protests were overruled by the judge.
[1177] "Your Honor, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I will prove that Senator Fosdick was killed by a right-handed person, and the defendant is a left-handed person," he said calmly.
[1178] We reached the critical point; would the jury accept the opinions of our experts? Was Swift prepared? I watched his pale face and felt my heart sink. He was waiting patiently, like a hunter, for the final showdown.
[1179] It was all over, the smoke of battle had cleared, and I sat there numbly. Our experts had messed things up, even Dr. Lane's personal physician, a renowned practitioner, could not convince the jury.
[1180] The absurd farce continued, with Dr. Bull, Kennan, my father, and the local police experts all testifying - one by one, the foundation of my theory was being built, and when Corry had meticulously recorded all the facts, he called Allen Darrow to the witness stand.
[1181] Because Swift had also hired a group of experts, who challenged the theory that "when a person becomes right-handed, he will also become left-footed," resulting in a series of lengthy and boring testimonies from doctors, ending in a stalemate, with each doctor testifying on the stand, refuting the previous one. Poor jury, they had no idea which side's opinion was correct.
[1182] Again and again, Mark Corry skillfully simplified and explained our theory; however, Swift's counterarguments overturned them one by one. Desperate, Corry called Mr. Reen, me, and my father to the witness stand, hoping that our testimony about the experiments we conducted in Derouin's cell would salvage the opinions of the experts. Swift eagerly accepted the challenge, launching a fierce counterattack in cross-examination, distorting our words and demanding the recall of a witness, a guard with a sinister expression at the detention center.
[1183] This man maliciously accused us of premeditated conspiracy in the rehearsal of the reaction of the feet and Derouin. Corry protested loudly, tugging at his sparse hair, almost coming to blows with Swift, but I knew the damage had been done. The jury swayed back to Swift's side, believing his accusations to be true — I sat there, for the next few hours, watching the pitiful Alonzo Derouin take the witness stand again, obediently using his left hand to pinch, hit, and grip; then stomping on things, first with both feet, then with his left foot, then his right foot — in various positions and performing various actions, until he was gasping for breath, frightened and angry, and very upset, having gone through all this, he seemed to prefer being convicted than enduring these torments anymore. This intensified the pessimistic and uncertain atmosphere.
[1184] On the last day of the trial, Corry delivered his closing argument, and we all knew the game was up. He had fought a tough battle and lost, and he knew it. However, he showed resilience, and I think, though he lost, he had indeed given his all for the generous lawyer's fee.
[1185] "I will tell you this," he shouted at the weary and perplexed jury, "if you sentence this man to the electric chair, it will be the most serious blow to the legal and medical authorities in the past twenty years! This case against the defendant is a clever but erroneous fabrication by the prosecution, a coincidence of fate that created all the reasonable circumstantial evidence that ensnared this poor, confused man. You have heard the testimony of the experts, and in any position, he would instinctively use his left foot to extinguish a burning piece of paper, but you know the killer used his right foot; moreover, only one person entered that room that night. How can you doubt the defendant's innocence? Mr. Swift is quite clever, but he is too clever. No matter how many experts he finds to provide opposing testimony, I will say that the defendant's main defense expert is Dr. Martini of New York, whose personal integrity, professional reputation, and profound professional knowledge are not to be defamed by the prosecution!"
[1186] "Gentlemen of the jury, no matter how despicable the surface evidence may be, no matter how cunningly the prosecutor has implanted the idea of premeditation, you cannot, in good conscience, declare this pitiful and unfortunate man guilty of a crime he physically cannot commit and sentence him to death on the electric chair!"
[1187] After six and a half hours of deliberation, Alan Deauville was found guilty of the charges against him.
[1188] Due to the controversial nature of some evidence, the jury suggested that the judge consider leniency when sentencing.
[1189] Ten days later, Alan Deauville was sentenced to life imprisonment.
[1190] Chapter Twelve: Aftermath
[1191] Corry's subsequent appeal is denied, and Allen Darrow is handcuffed by a burly deputy sheriff and sent to Aiken Prison to serve his sentence, which will not end until he dies unless he dies in prison.
[1192] We learn of Darrow's condition from Father Mullett. Following the usual procedure, Darrow is treated as a new inmate upon his return to Aiken Prison, despite his previous good record. He must go through the prison's rank system again to regain his former status; if he survives and behaves well, he may eventually gain the sympathy of the administrators and become a useful member of the iron-fisted society of the lost soul.
[1193] Day after day, week after week, time passes, but Mr. Jury's face remains etched with sadness and despair. I am surprised by his stubbornness in refusing to return to Hamlet Manor and staying at Father Mullett's house, spending his days soaking up the sun in the priest's small garden and occasionally chatting with Father Mullett and Warden Magnus, constantly inquiring about Darrow's condition.
[1194] The old gentleman seems to be waiting for something to happen, and I have kept a close eye on him, but I cannot determine what he is expecting or why he remains in Rye, possibly due to his inability to accept Darrow's conviction.
[1195] Some unrelated events occurred. With the death of Senator Vance, all opposition newspapers began to expose the graft of the Vance faction, putting Senator Vance's political position in jeopardy. The murder of Senator Vance has dispelled John Hume's previous doubts, and he has begun to openly attack Senator Vance's actions during his term, using the most nakedly defamatory tactics, with no sense of guilt about his opponent's vices. The most depraved rumors about Senator Vance's character and political career began to circulate in the city, and it is clear that many of the incriminating evidence uncovered during the investigation into Senator Vance's murder is now being used by Hume and Rufus Cotten to retaliate against the enemy camp, with great success.
[1196] However, Dr. Vesite would not easily concede defeat, and his innate talent for politics and the secret of his success were reflected in his methods of retaliation. An unimaginative politician might resort to insults to counter Hume's malicious accusations, but Dr. Vesite did not do so, maintaining dignity and silence in the face of all the defamation.
[1197] His only retort was to nominate Elijah Clay for Senator.
[1198] We remained at Clay's residence as guests, affording me the opportunity to witness the meticulous process of the whole operation. Apart from his substantial financial background, Elijah Clay had a good reputation in Tireling County. He was active in charity, a leading figure in the local business community, held a prominent position in the Rye Chamber of Commerce, and was a benevolent employer to the workers - from Dr. Vesite's perspective, the ideal candidate to counter the reform advocate John Hume.
[1199] One evening, Dr. Vesite visited and spent two hours in a private room with Elijah Clay. We were able to glimpse a hint of his intentions for the first time. When they finally emerged, Dr. Vesite was as oily and fawning as ever, and then drove away. We all stood in the hallway, relieved to see this scene.
[1200] "You'll never guess what he asked me," Mr. Clay said, his tone filled with surprise, as if even he couldn't believe it himself.
[1201] "He wants you to be his political puppet," Father says slowly, with a disapproving tone.
[1202] Mr. Clay's eyes widen: "How did you know?"
[1203] "It's simple," Father says calmly. "A scheming villain like him would certainly have that idea. What did he say?"
[1204] "He wants me to agree to run for the office of senator and accept Dr. Baxter's votes."
[1205] "Are you from that party?"
[1206] Clay blushed. "I think their ideology -"
[1207] "Dad!" Jeremy shouted. "Are you trying to get yourself in trouble?"
[1208] "Oh, of course not," Clay hastily said. "Needless to say, I refused him. However, his strict standards almost convinced me. He said that, given the current situation, it would be in the best interest of the party to have a clean and honest candidate - like me."
[1209] "Well, then," said the father, "what's the problem?"
[1210] We all stared at him in surprise.
[1211] "Damn it," the father chuckled, taking a satisfied bite of his cigar. "Clay, you got him back with his own medicine. Since we've seen through his game, you should accept the nomination!"
[1212] "But, sir—" Jeremy's voice was shocked.
[1213] "Don't worry about it, boy," the father chuckled. "Don't you want a senator for a dad? Clay, think about it. We both know we can't catch our partner doing anything, he's too smart. So, let's play along. You accept his offer, and you're in with them—understand? Maybe you can even get some written evidence, who knows? Once those clever guys get too confident, they'll do something stupid. And if you can get the evidence before the vote, you can still drop out at the last minute, leaving your supporters to clean up the mess."
[1214] "I don't like it," Jeremy muttered.
[1215] "I understand your concern," Clay frowned, looking anxious. "I don't know, sir. It seems too cunning. I—"
[1216] "Of course," the father's tone was dreamy, "It takes courage, but by exposing these scoundrels, you can bring a great change to yourself and the citizens of this county, and become a true civic hero!"
[1217] "Hmm," Clay's eyes began to shine, "Sir, I never thought of it that way! Maybe you're right. Yes, I believe you're right! I'll try it. I'll call him right now and tell him I've changed my mind!"
[1218] I couldn't help but feel a surge of opposition, what good could it do? I shook my head in confusion, unsure of my father's scheme. In my opinion, a few weeks ago, the shrewd and ambitious bearded doctor seemed to have seen through my father's intentions, suspecting that he was investigating his accounts and records at Clay Enterprises. He might have known Clay would refuse the offer to run for senator, and that my father would urge him to accept. Perhaps these reasons were too trivial, but there was one thing that mattered—something my father told me—almost from the moment we arrived, all illegal traces between the Fosters and Clay Marble Company had vanished. He seemed to be behaving innocently on the surface. Dr. Foster might have been trying to drag the honest citizen into his schemes by nominating Elias Clay, perhaps even involving him in some improper conspiracies, effectively silencing Clay forever and preventing him from exposing the anonymous partner's illegal activities.
[1219] After all, these were just my guesses, and I thought that perhaps my father knew what was best and didn't express his opinion.
[1220] "It's just Dr. Foster's old trick!" Jeremy exclaimed as Clay stood up to enter the house, "Sir, your advice is probably not appropriate."
[1221] "Jeremy." His father said with embarrassment.
[1222] "I'm sorry, Dad, but I can't keep silent. I have to tell you that if you agree, you'll get into trouble."
[1223] "Why not let me make my own decision?"
[1224] "Alright, I'll let you make your own decision," Jeremy stood up. "Dad, that's a dead end," he said ominously. "But don't blame me when it happens."
[1225] So he bid us a hasty goodnight and strode into the house.
[1226] The next morning, I found a note on my plate at breakfast.
[1227] Elijah Clay looked pale, Jeremy was gone – the note said he went to work, now to "take care of the father's business, I guess he's too busy with politics."
[1228] After the conviction of Allen Darrow, a direct consequence came to us. We kept in touch with Carmichael, who could provide some important information about Dr. Fuchs. But whether it was the federal agent's over-enthusiasm, or Dr. Fuchs' sharp eyesight behind the mask, or his testimony in the trial aroused his employer's suspicion – or all of the above – the result was that Carmichael was suddenly fired, and Dr. Fuchs did not explain the reason. One morning, Carmichael came to the Clay house, looking dejected, with a suitcase and handbag in hand, saying he was going back to Washington.
[1229] "The work is only half done," he complained. "I could have gotten all the evidence in a few more weeks. What I have now is not enough, but I got some bank deposit records, copies of canceled checks, and a long list of anonymous depositors."
[1230] Before leaving, Carmichael promised us that once he handed over his findings to his superiors in the federal government, he would take the necessary legal action to punish the political power in Tire County. At that time, my father and I thought that Dr. Fuchs was one step ahead of us, and our spy had been forced to leave the enemy's headquarters, and the source of information was cut off.
[1231] I was deeply depressed by the unpleasant situation, my father was constantly angry, Elijah Clay was busy with his campaign, and Jeremy was mining in his father's mine with explosives, ignoring the danger of death and disability. Suddenly, I had an idea that if McMichael left, someone should take his place, and I thought I would try.
[1232] The more I thought about it, the better I felt about the idea. I was sure that Dr. Fusite knew the real mission of Father's coming to Lizzie, and with my innocent appearance, I couldn't see why he wouldn't fall into the trap of the beauty trap like many other smarter villains.
[1233] So, I started approaching this bearded gentleman without my father's knowledge. My first move was to choose a day to meet him - oh, completely coincidentally!
[1234] "Miss Sam!" he exclaimed, examining me with a connoisseur's eager gaze - I had dressed up for this meeting, showing off my advantages, "What a pleasant surprise! I was planning to visit you."
[1235] "Really?" I teased.
[1236] "Oh, I know I've been too neglectful," he smiled, licking his lips, "but - now I want to make amends! Miss, will you have lunch with me?"
[1237] I pretended to be coy: "Dr. Bustard! You're quite possessive, aren't you?"
[1238] His eyes sparkled, and he stroked his short beard. "Far more than you can imagine," he said in a low, intimate tone, taking my hand and giving it a gentle squeeze. "My car is here."
[1239] So, I sighed and let him help me into the car. I saw him give a wink to the gruff-looking driver, Louis, and then drive to the Highway Inn - the same inn where my father and I had met Mr. Carmichael a few weeks ago. I believe the innkeeper recognized me, as he gave us a sly look and led us to a private dining room with great deference.
[1240] I was relieved that I didn't have to play the part of a Victorian novel heroine, defending my honor. Dr. Bustard turned out to be a charming host, and my opinion of him improved somewhat. He was not rude, and I assume he treated me as a young, fresh potential prey, not wanting to scare me off by being too eager. He served me a delicious lunch and a fine wine, gave my hand a squeeze across the table, and then sent me home without saying a word out of place.
[1241] I played the part of the flustered young lady, eagerly awaiting his next move. I did not underestimate my "lover," for a few days later, he called to invite me to the city's theater—a company was staging a play "Candide," and he thought I would enjoy it. I had seen "Candide" six times already—it seemed that every man who courted me thought this play by George Bernard Shaw was the prelude to a romantic interlude. Nevertheless, I pouted playfully, "Oh, doctor, I've never seen this play! I've heard it's very moving!"
[1242] He chuckled softly, agreeing to pick me up the next evening. The play was merely passable, but my companion was flawless. Many people attended, all the most prominent figures in Ritz, the ladies dressed in sparkling jewels, the gentlemen with flabby red chins and politician's cunning eyes. Dr. Fuchs hovered around me, then casually suggested that "everyone" go to his house for a cocktail. Ha! I was very clever, and I had anticipated this—I feigned confusion. Is this appropriate? I mean—he laughed heartily, of course it is! Why, dear, your father wouldn't object—I sighed, putting on an expression of a silly schoolgirl doing something very, very naughty.
[1243] However, this night was not without danger. As most people gradually dispersed on the way, only two of us remained when Dr. Fuchs and I arrived at his large, dim house—him and me. I admit that I was somewhat uneasy when he opened the front door and I stepped into the house where a corpse had lain before, but I was more afraid of the danger that lay ahead than the danger that had already passed. As we passed through the senator's study, I noticed that everything had been rearranged, and all traces of the crime had been erased, and I breathed a sigh of relief.
[1244] The highlight of my visit was to lower Dr. Fuchs' guard and pique his interest. He persuaded me and found various excuses to give me cocktails, but I had been to drinking school, and controlling my alcohol intake was a mandatory course, so he must have been surprised at how little I drank and how well I pretended to be drunk. Thus, he shed his gentleman's facade and resumed his true self. He helped me to a recliner and began to caress me with great skill. I had to be both a graceful dancer and a J. R. R. Tolkien-like performer to prevent myself from being taken advantage of or exposed. Although I managed to extricate myself from his embrace, I was still pleased: not only could I refuse his advances, but I also kept his interest piqued. It was evident that he was looking forward to savoring this delectable dish, and I surmised that half of his pleasure came from the anticipation.
[1245] Since I had broken down his defenses, I took advantage of the situation and pushed forward.
[1246] I have been visiting Fudge's den more frequently, and indeed, the intensity of his advances has been proportionate. For a month since Alan Dower's imprisonment, this risky lifestyle has persisted, and during this adventurous month, I have had to face my father's occasional questioning and Jeremy's possessive rage. The boy was furious when he didn't like my explanation of meeting a "friend" in the city, so he secretly followed me, making me feel like an eel in water, constantly evading him before finally shaking him off.
[1247] I still remember it was a Wednesday evening, and the opportunity finally came. I arrived at Mr. Fudges' house earlier than our scheduled time, and when I stepped onto the floor of his private study next to his examination room, I found him studying something – a very special something – placed on his desk. He looked up when he saw me, muttered a curse under his breath, and then quickly put on a smile while swiftly putting the item away in an upper drawer. I did my best to hide my surprise. It was – ah, too unbelievable! Yet I saw it with my own eyes. Finally, it appeared, incredible, finally it appeared.
[1248] When I stepped out of the house that night, I was shaking with excitement. His usual attempts at flirting were half-hearted, so my resistance didn't have to be as difficult as usual. Why? There was no doubt that his mind was preoccupied with the object in the top drawer of his desk.
[1249] Therefore, I did not proceed to the parking spot on the lane but instead crept around the side of the house to come to the window of Mr. Baskerville's study. If, up until now, all my previous visits had been unsuccessful – this time, perhaps, I might obtain some deadly documents – I believed this opportunity would yield far more than I could ever have imagined. My goal was not the documents, but something more important, something that made my mouth water and my throat dry, and my heart beat so loudly that I feared Dr. Baskerville could hear it through the wall.
[1250] I pulled my skirt up to my knees, grabbed hold of a sturdy grapevine, and climbed to a spot where I could see into the study, silently thanking the gods for the moonless night. My gaze swept over the windowsill and into the room, where Fuchsia was at her desk, and I almost let out a triumphant shriek, just as I had expected!
[1251] He sat there, his thin face twisted in anger, his short beard bristling, holding something tightly in his hand, almost crushing it. What was it? A letter - no, a note! He snatched it off the desk in front of him, his face contorted with horror, reading it aloud, terrifyingly, so loud that I lost my balance on the grapevine and fell to the ground with a thud loud enough to wake the dead in the grave.
[1252] He must have jumped away from the chair and rushed to the window. All I knew was that I was lying on the ground, looking up at his face appearing in the window, and I was so terrified that I became paralyzed, unable to move. His face was as black as the night, and I could only see his lips twisting and cursing, and pounding on the window, almost breaking it.
[1253] Fear gave me new strength, and I scrambled up, running down the path like the wind, faintly hearing him banging down the driveway, chasing me from behind.
[1254] He yelled, "Louis, catch her, Louis!" The driver appeared out of the darkness, grinning, reaching out, and I stumbled towards him, almost fainting, his iron grip on me was swift.
[1255] Fuchs gasped for breath, clutching my arm tightly, causing me to scream in pain. "You're a spy, it turns out!" he muttered, staring at me in disbelief, "You almost scared me, you little devil." He turned to the driver and said curtly, "Leave, Louis."
[1256] The driver replied, "Yes, sir." He disappeared into the darkness, still wearing that cold smile.
[1257] I was paralyzed with fear, huddled in Dr. Baskerville's grasp, dizzy and terrified, my heart pounding and nausea rising. I remember him shaking me violently, whispering vile things in my ear. I stole a glance at him, his eyes bulging with passion, flashing with the madness of murder...
[1258] I can't remember what happened next, whether I broke free from his grasp or he let me go willingly. All I remember is stumbling along the asphalt road, my evening gown tripping me up, with Dr. Baskerville's fingers leaving red marks on my arm.
[1259] After a while, I stopped and leaned against a black tree to rest. The cool breeze cooled my flushed cheeks, and I shamelessly shed bitter tears, suddenly missing my father. Detective! I sobbed, feeling that I should be sitting by the fireplace knitting a sweater... Then I heard the sound of a car approaching, slowly along the road.
[1260] I hugged the tree, holding my breath, once again stiff with terror. Was it Dr. Baskerville coming after me to fulfill the terrible threat in his eyes?
[1261] The headlights rounded the bend and entered my line of sight, the car moving slowly, the driver seeming hesitant... Then I ran out into the middle of the road, waving my arms wildly and screaming, "Jeremy, oh, dear Jeremy! I'm here!"
[1262] For the first time, I thanked God for creating a loyal lover, and Jeremy jumped out of the car and hugged me tightly. I let him kiss me, happy to see his familiar, kind face. He wiped away my tears and helped me into the car, sitting next to him.
[1263] He was scared too, so he didn't ask me any questions, which I was even more grateful for. However, I guess he had been following me all night, watching me enter Dr. Baskerville's house and waiting for me outside on the road. He heard the commotion in the yard, running towards the driveway when I had already escaped, and Dr. Baskerville had returned to the house.
[1264] "Jeremy, what did you just do?" I clung to his broad shoulder, trembling, and asked.
[1265] He released the steering wheel with his right hand, painfully sucking on his finger joints: "I punched him," he said briefly, "Just got lucky. Then some freak came along, probably his driver, and we had a little fight. Not for long. I was lucky—the guy was a beast."
[1266] "Did you punch him too, Jeremy dear?"
[1267] "I broke his jaw," Jeremy answered quickly. Then, he returned to reality from the excitement of the fight, looking grim and focused on the road ahead, ignoring my overflowing love.
[1268] "Jeremy..."
[1269] "Hmm?"
[1270] "You don't want to know what's going on, do you?"
[1271] "Who... What am I? If you want to walk into the hands of that scumbag, Fritz, you're asking for it. Only a fool like me would get involved. You should thank me!"
[1272] "I find you so adorable."
[1273] He remained silent, so I sighed and looked at the road, instructing Jeremy to drive up to Father Mueller's house on the hill. Suddenly, I felt the need for some mature advice and longed to see the kind and wise face of Philo Vance. The information I received... he would definitely be interested. I'm sure that's why he stayed in Rye.
[1274] Jeremy parked the car in front of the stone wall adorned with roses at Father Mueller's house, and I saw that the whole house was dark.
[1275] "Looks like no one's home," Jeremy muttered.
[1276] "Well, dear, I still have to check." I wearily got out of the car, climbed up the walkway, and rang the bell. To my surprise, a small lamp in the hallway behind the door lit up, and a little old lady poked her head out.
[1277] "Good evening, miss," she said. "Looking for Father Mule?"
[1278] "Not exactly, is Mr. René here?"
[1279] "Oh, no, miss," she whispered gravely. "Mr. René and Father Mule went to the jail. I'm Mrs. Crowe - occasionally, when times like this come up, I come to take care of things. Father Mule doesn't like..."
[1280] "To the jail!” I exclaimed. "What's going on at this hour?"
[1281] She sighed. "Miss, there's a death sentence tonight. It's some kind of gangster from New York, I think his name is Scarisi, a foreign name anyway. Father Muller has to perform the last rites, and Mr. Ryan is going along as a witness to the execution. The warden invited him to watch."
[1282] "Oh," I didn't know what to do. "Can I come in and wait?"
[1283] "Are you Samantha, dear?"
[1284] "Yes."
[1285] Her old face lit up. "Come in quickly, Samantha, and your gentleman friend. These executions usually happen at eleven, and at that time, I – I really don't like to be alone." She smiled slightly. "They're very punctual at the prison."
[1286] Although she was kind, I really didn't feel like listening to these death penalty topics, so I called Jeremy to come in with me to Father Mulry's small sitting room. Mrs. Croce wanted to chat with us, but after being turned down three times, she sighed and walked away. Jeremy stared at the fireplace like he was sick, and I stared at Jeremy like I was sick.
[1287] We sat there for half an hour, and then we heard the front door slam shut. Soon after, Father Mulry and Mr. Lane stumbled in. Father Mulry's face was drenched in sweat, pale and twisted with pain, his short hands gripping a brand new pocket-sized prayer book tightly. Mr. Lane's eyes were vacant, and his body stiff, as if he had just seen hell itself.
[1288] Father Mulry nodded silently to us and sat down in the armchair. The old gentleman came over and took my hand, "Good evening, Claire... Percy," he said in a low, tense voice, "What brings you here?"
[1289] "Oh, Mr. Lane," I called, "I have to tell you a terrible news!"
[1290] He forced a smile, "Dear, terrible? It couldn't be worse than - I just saw a man die in front of me, it's hard to imagine, so simple, so cruel, and so calm." He trembled, took a deep breath, and sat down in the armchair next to me, "Percy, what's your news?"
[1291] I clutched his hand tightly like a lifeline: "Dr. Fuchs received another small wooden box."
[1292] Chapter 13: The Death of One Man
[1293] It was only weeks later that I learned how a person who had no meaning to me or anyone else involved in the case, including the Derou and Fuchs brothers and Fanny Kather, had died that night. However, despite the insignificance of his life and the tragic nature of his death, his death affected not only Derou, Dr. Fuchs, Fanny Kather, but also others. If it hadn't been for his death, some facts would have remained in the dark and would never have been clarified.
[1294] The old gentleman later told me that during the time he spent waiting hopelessly at Father Mull's house, he heard the news that a certain Scacci was about to be executed. Scacci was a member of a criminal gang, lived by violence, and died by violence, and his disappearance would be a blessing for others. During that time, Mr. Lane was bored to death and perhaps, as a normally gentle man who had grown accustomed to a peaceful life, he couldn't help but be curious. So, a week before the execution of the death penalty, he asked the magistrate if he could be a witness to the execution.
[1295] They had already discussed the matter of electrocution, so the elderly gentleman was somewhat familiar with it. "Discipline is always strict in the prison," the warden said, "It's necessary. However, the process of capital punishment is very cruel. Of course, the death row inmate lives in an isolated cell, but the rumors in the prison spread much faster than you can imagine, and other prisoners are obviously very sensitive to the so-called 'House of Death' in their slang. Therefore, during the execution of the death penalty, we will particularly strengthen security because during this short period, the whole prison will be in a state of hysterical violence, and anything can happen. In fact, we really need to be careful."
[1296] "I wouldn't envy your job."
[1297] "You certainly wouldn't," Magnus sighed. "Anyway, I always have the same group of people on duty during executions—of course, occasionally someone is unable to work due to illness or other reasons, and we have to find a replacement, but so far, there have been no such cases."
[1298] "Why is that?"
[1299] "Because," the warden said sternly, "I want the execution to be carried out by experienced people. You never know what might happen, so we select seven people from the guards who work the night shift to handle this task, as well as two prison physicians. In fact, I can say with pride that this method is quite scientific and has never caused any trouble, as these guards have been carefully chosen and the shifts are fixed—for example, I would never switch someone from the day shift to the night shift. They are all very responsible and know how to handle emergencies."
[1300] "Do you want to be a witness to Scacci's execution?" Magnus looked sharply at Mr. Raine. The elderly gentleman nodded. "Are you sure? You know, it's not a pleasant thing, and Scacci is not the kind of person who faces death with a smile."
[1301] The old gentleman nodded.
[1302] "Are you sure? You know it's not a pleasant experience, and Scarcy isn't the type to face death with a smile."
[1303] "It'll be an experience," Mr. Raine said.
[1304] "Alright," the warden said coolly, "Since you want to go, we'll make it so. The law allows the warden to invite 'twelve adult, respectable citizens'—of course, who are not associated with the prison—to witness executions. If you want this experience, I'll add you to the list. Just remember, it will be a memorable experience."
[1305] "It's terrible," Father Mueller said uneasily, "I don't know how I'll be able to force myself to go, and I still can't get used to this—this inhumane act."
[1306] "But I am the one who gives the order to press the electric switch. That's different. I know of a governor who used to run out of his mansion every night when a death sentence was carried out. He couldn't bear the pressure... Well, Mr. Rinehart, I'll arrange it for you."
[1307] So, while I was horrified when I visited Dr. Fossett on Thursday evening, Mr. Rinehart and Father Mool were waiting inside the prison's massive stone walls. Father Mool had left early to prepare for the last rites; Mr. Rinehart arrived alone at around eleven o'clock, accompanied by a guard, and entered the execution chamber, or "the house of death," a low-lying building in the corner of the prison, almost like a prison within a prison. The atmosphere of the building was eerie and morbid, and Mr. Rinehart felt his nerves tense up.
[1308] Naturally, his attention was immediately drawn to the heavy and ugly death weapon squatting in the room. Surprisingly, he found it to be smaller than he had expected and not as terrifying as he had imagined. The straps hung loosely from the back, arms, and legs of the chair, and a device on top resembled a football helmet. At the moment, everything looked harmless and bizarrely unreal.
[1309] He sat on the hard bench, surveying the surroundings, and noticed that the other eleven witnesses had already taken their seats. They were all elderly people, looking tense and pale, and none of them spoke. He was surprised to see Rufus Cotton sitting in the second row, his face as white as a sheet, his eyes trembling as he stared straight at the electric chair. Mr. Rinehart paid little attention to him and sat back, watching coldly.
[1310] There was a small door on one side of the room, which he knew led to the morgue. He wondered, the state government would not allow any chance of revival for the condemned, and as soon as the doctor declared the prisoner legally dead, the body would be pushed into the adjacent room for autopsy, destroying any miraculous signs of life.
[1311] There was another small door on the opposite side of the long bench, which he knew led to a corridor that the condemned man would walk down on his last journey.
[1312] The door was open, and a solemn group of people walked in, their footsteps echoing on the hard floor. Two of them carried black suitcases – they were the prison doctors, required by law to participate in the entire process and declare the prisoner dead. There were also three modestly dressed people whom Philo Vance later learned were court officials required to attend the execution to oversee the process. In addition, there were three prison guards – wearing blue uniforms and wearing cold expressions. At this point, the old gentleman noticed a recessed alcove in the corner of the room, where a tall, middle-aged man stood. He was checking some electronic equipment in the alcove, his face serious, slow, and expressionless, almost stupid. The executioner! Until now, Philo Vance had not realized the cruel meaning of all this, and his heart began to race, and he felt a tightness in his throat, making it difficult to breathe. The room was no longer unreal; it had an evil aura, as if there were living creatures lurking within.
[1313] He glanced at his watch and saw that it was 11:06.
[1314] Suddenly, everyone stiffened, and the room fell into silence. There was a sharp sound of footsteps outside the small green door, which made everyone's nerves taut. They gripped the edges of the long bench tightly and leaned forward with taut bodies. The sound of low whispers, muffled sobs, and a shrill, deathly wail that sounded like a death knell echoed in their ears, coming from the death corridor outside. It was the muffled roar of the condemned, watching their companions stumble, hesitate, and reluctantly take their last steps towards the afterlife.
[1315]
[1316] The cold, gray face of Magnum, the warden; Father Moore, hunched over, mumbling prayers, and finally four guards. Everyone was there, and the door closed again...
[1317] The protagonist was missing, and then he appeared, and the others faded away like ghosts.
[1318] It was a skinny, emaciated man with dark skin, a scarred and bloodthirsty face, his knees slightly bent, and two guards holding him under his armpits. He had a burning cigarette between his pale lips, and he wore slippers on his feet. The right pant leg was torn from the knee to the hem, loosely hanging. His hair was cut short, and he had not shaved... His eyes were vacant, his eyes were crystal clear, and his gaze wandered aimlessly through the crowd on the bench. The guards manipulated him like puppets, twisting, pushing, and giving orders softly...
[1319] It was truly unbelievable, he sat on the electric chair, his head hanging on his chest, still smoking. Four of the seven guards, like precise and efficient robots, rushed forward. One knelt in front of the death row inmate and quickly fastened the straps on his feet; the second tied his hands to the armrests of the electric chair; the third wrapped a heavy thick belt around his body; the fourth pulled a dark cloth over the man's eyes. Then, they stood expressionlessly and stepped back.
[1320] The room was silent, and the executioner quietly left the recess, knelt in front of the death row inmate, and began to adjust something on the death row inmate's right foot with his long fingers. When the executioner stood up, Phil Rains saw that he had clamped an electrode on the death row inmate's bare leg. The executioner quickly moved to the back of the electric chair, put a metal helmet on the man's head, and moved with great skill. Everything was done, and Sasaki was like a statue from hell, swaying and waiting...
[1321] The executioner silently returned to the alcove.
[1322] Magnum, the jailer, stood silently beside him, holding a watch.
[1323] Father Mire leaned on a guard, silently making the sign of the cross.
[1324] At that moment, time seemed to stand still. Perhaps it was divine intervention, but Sasaki suddenly trembled, and the burning cigarette fell from his dead lips, emitting a suppressed groan, like the death cry of a lost soul, echoing in the soundproof room and fading away.
[1325] The jailer's arm rose and fell, making a large arc in the air.
[1326] Jules Reine sits in his chair, his eyes fixed on the executioner's blue sleeve as it suddenly presses a button in the recess, Reine suddenly suffocated by an indescribable impact sound, feeling breathless, heart racing, and wheezing.
[1327] For a moment, he thought that the impact, as if coming from the fourth dimension, was caused by his own heartbeat, but he later realized it was not. It was the sound of electricity surging out and flowing through the wires, causing his skin to tingle. The bright lights in the death chamber suddenly dimmed.
[1328] As the executioner presses the button, the person on the electric chair jerks forward, as if trying to break free from the straps binding him. A wisp of gray smoke emerges from the metal helmet, his hands tied to the armrests slowly turning red, then gradually turning white. The veins in his neck bulge like black ropes, suddenly turning into ugly leaden gray.
[1329] Scarsy now sits upright, like a person standing at attention.
[1330] The lights come back on.
[1331] Two doctors stepped forward, placing stethoscopes on the chest of the person on the electric chair, then taking a few steps back and exchanging a glance. The older one, a cold-eyed, white-haired old man, silently gestured.
[1332] The executioner's left arm pressed down again, and the lights went out...
[1333] After the second check, the doctors stepped back again. The old doctor quietly pronounced the verdict: "Warden, I declare this person dead."
[1334] Zhe Rui Lei glanced at his watch, it was 11:20.
[1335] And Xiecai was dead.
[1336] Chapter 14: The Second Wooden Box
[1337] Jeremy stood up and began pacing around the room. Father Mure remained silent, as if in a trance. I was certain he hadn't heard anything, as his gaze remained fixed on the distant horizon.
[1338] Mr. Renet blinked and slowly said, "Percy, how did you know that Dr. Fuchs received the other wooden box?"
[1339] So I told him the whole story of that night.
[1340] "How clearly did you see it on Dr. Fuchs's desk?"
[1341]"It was right in front of me, no more than fifteen feet away."
[1342] "Does it look like the one in Senator Fossett's desk?"
[1343] "No, I'm certain it's different. This one had both ends sawed off."
[1344] "Ah! That's the middle one then." He murmured, "Did you see any words on this box's surface, like HE on Senator Fossett's?"
[1345] "Mr. Rain, I believe I saw some words, but they were too far away to make out clearly."
[1346] "Too bad," he mused, not moving a muscle. Then he leaned forward and patted my shoulder. "Dear, mission accomplished. You've had enough for tonight. Perhaps it's time for Clay to take you home."
[1347] Our eyes met. Father Muller was making a faint groaning sound on the chair, his lips trembling. Jeremy was staring out the window.
[1348] "You think—" I began slowly.
[1349] He smiled weakly. "Dear, I'll always think about it. Don't worry now. Goodnight."
[1350] Chapter 15: Escape
[1351] The next day was Thursday, a bright and sunny day, promising to be a warm and pleasant one. Father put on the linen suit I had insisted on buying for him in Leeds, looking quite dashing. However, he grumbled and complained the whole time, saying he wasn't a "lily" (LiLy can be translated as lily, sometimes used to refer to effeminate men) - whatever that meant - and refused to step out of Clay's house for half an hour, fearing to be seen by acquaintances.
[1352] Some details of that day - perhaps most importantly, we were destined to stay in Leeds - are as clear as photographs. I remember buying him a beautiful orange tie that would have been a perfect match for the linen suit, had anyone with a sense of color. I fastened the tie, and he grumbled and complained, looking miserable, like a fugitive or a convict wearing prison clothes. Poor old Dad! His conservatism was so severe that it made me all the more eager to dress him up a little - an act of affection that he would probably never appreciate.
[1353] "Let's go for a walk in the hills."
[1354] "In this outfit?"
[1355] "Of course!"
[1356] "No way, I'm not going."
[1357] "Come on, don't be so old-fashioned," I said. "It's such a nice day."
[1358] "Not a chance," Father growled. "Besides, I'm not feeling well, and my left leg is bothering me with rheumatism."
[1359] "Is the fresh air up the hill really going to make your rheumatism worse? Nonsense! Let's go see Mr. Lane and show him your new pretty clothes."
[1360] So we strolled over there, and I picked a bunch of wildflowers by the side of the road, and Father forgot about his discomfort from the clothes and gradually became more cheerful.
[1361] We found the elderly gentleman sitting on Mr. Muller's porch, engrossed in a book, and—surprise of surprises—he was wearing a linen suit and a bright orange tie!
[1362] They stared at each other, like two elderly Beau Brummels (Beau Brummel was a famous British dandy in the early 19th century, known for his innovative and trend-setting clothing), and my father blushed, while Mr. Reane chuckled softly.
[1363] "Inspector, genuine style, I'd say it's influenced by Percy. Sam, you certainly need a daughter."
[1364] "I'm just getting used to this outfit," my father muttered, "at least I have a companion now."
[1365] Mr. Muller came out and warmly welcomed us—he was still pale from the previous night's events—so we all sat down. Mrs. Crosett brought out a tray with cold drinks, clearly without any alcoholic beverages. As Mr. Reane spoke, I gazed at the sky dotted with clouds, avoiding looking at the towering gray walls of the Apgar Prison next to the house. It was a bright summer day, but inside those walls, it was always a desolate winter. I wondered how Allen Darrow was doing.
[1366] Time passed, and I sat in the rocking chair, lost in thought, gazing at the beautiful blue sky. My thoughts drifted to the events of the previous night.
[1367] The second wooden box—what could it possibly mean? It obviously had a special significance for Dr. Ella Fitzhugh: the cruel expression on her face was not due to ignorance or fear, but rather a comprehension of some deeper meaning. How did the box end up in her possession? Who gave it to her...? I sat up straight, could it have been Allen Darrow who sent it?
[1368] I leaned back, lost in deep confusion. All the facts had to be reevaluated. Darrow had admitted to sending the first wooden box, and it could be inferred that he made it in the prison's carpentry department. Had he made a second wooden box and sent it through the prison's special underground tunnel to another victim? My mind was in a muddle, my heart pounding like a hammer.
[1369] Suddenly, our attention was drawn to the prison gates. Everything had been normal up until then—armed guards patrolled the walls, the ugly sentry post was peaceful, with only the faint glint of gun barrels indicating anyone was there. Soon there was a commotion, and it was clear that something unusual was happening.
[1370] We all sat up straight, and the three of them stopped talking, watching the prison gates.
[1371]The big steel door opened from the inside, and a blue-uniformed guard walked out, armed with a handgun and a rifle. He then stepped back, facing away from us, shouting something. A group of prisoners emerged in two rows, each holding a pickaxe and shovel, their heads held high, sniffing the fresh air like anxious dogs. Their uniforms were consistent – dark waterproof boots, gray wrinkled pants and jackets, and underneath a brown coarse cotton shirt. There were a total of twenty prisoners, obviously going to work on the other side of the hill to build a road or path, with a shout from the guard, the lead person clumsily turned left, leading the column out of our sight. The second armed guard walked behind them, and the first guard followed the two rows of columns on the right, occasionally giving orders, and finally twenty-two people were out of sight.
[1372]We sat back down, and Father Mueller said dreamily, "For these people, it's almost like heaven. Although the work is heavy and tiring, as St. Jerome (St. Jerome (347-420), an early Western Church Father, biblical scholar, and translator of the popular Latin Bible) said, 'Keep working constantly, and the devil will never have a chance.' And this gives them the opportunity to step out of the prison gate, so they love the road-building work." He sighed.
[1373]Exactly one hour and ten minutes later, the incident occurred.
[1374]Mrs. Crowe prepared a simple lunch, and we had just finished eating and relaxedly returned to the porch when there was another situation in the prison, which again attracted our attention, and all conversation came to a halt.
[1375]One of the guards on the wall suddenly stopped, intently gazing at the courtyard below, as if listening to something, and we all sat stiffly in our chairs.
[1376] We were all startled by the sudden sound, a harsh, shrill, and chilling ringing that echoed around the surrounding hills, and then seemed to fade away like a dying moan. Then another ring, another, and another, until I covered my ears and almost screamed.
[1377] When the bell rang for the first time, Father Moule gripped the chair's armrests, his face paler than his collar.
[1378] "The bell has rung," he murmured.
[1379] I listened motionlessly to this demonic symphony, and then Mr. Rean suddenly asked, "Is it a fire?"
[1380] "There's an escape," my father whispered, licking his lips, "Petty, go inside the house –"
[1381] Father Mooler stared at the prison walls, "No, no, escaping… God have mercy!"
[1382] We all jumped up and rushed down the garden, leaning against the stone wall covered with roses.
[1383] The walls of Agammon Prison seemed to be stunned by the alarm bell, and the guards stood there nervously, frantically looking around, with their guns high up – trembling, hesitating, but ready to deal with any sudden situation. Then the steel door opened again, and a powerful car full of men in blue uniforms and armed with rifles emerged, roaring out onto the road and speeding off to the left at full speed, quickly disappearing from sight. Behind them, one after another, a total of five cars full of armed men, roaring like monsters, went off to chase something. I noticed that the first car had Magus Warden, sitting next to the driver, pale and solemn.
[1384] Father Mooler gasped and said, "Trapped!" Then he lifted the hem of his cassock and rushed towards the prison gate, raising a cloud of dust. We saw him rush towards a group of armed guards, stopping to talk to them. They pointed to the left, and from that direction, far away, at the foot of the mountain covered with dense forests.
[1385] The priest came back slowly, with his head down and a look of despair on his face.
[1386] "What's going on, Father?" I asked urgently. He was walking in, brushing off the dust from his robe.
[1387] His head did not lift up, and I seemed to see confusion, pain, and indescribable anger on his face, as if suddenly his faith had crumbled, and he was suffering from a mental agony he had never experienced before.
[1388] "A road crew of prisoners," he said, trembling and stuttering, "took advantage of the opportunity to escape while working."
[1389] Mr. Lane focused on the hill, "That's..."
[1390] "It's..." The priest's voice trembled, and he looked up, "It's Allen Darrow."
[1391] We were all stunned, at least my father and I were too shocked to process it.
[1392] Allen Darrow had escaped! I couldn't believe it. I glanced at the old gentleman, wondering if he had anticipated this, his chiseled, statue-like face remained calm, still fixated on the distant hill, like an artist lost in the beauty of a setting sun.
[1393] We spent the entire afternoon at Father Mure's house, waiting. There was nothing else we could do. Nobody spoke much, and there was no merriment. Father Mure seemed to be back in the dreadful atmosphere of last night, and I could feel the shadow of death creeping into the entrance hall. I could even feel myself transported to that ominous death chamber, watching Scarcy gasping for air, trying to break free from the straps.
[1394] All afternoon, we saw people scurrying around the prison like ants, and we were all in a state of shock, unable to act. The old priest rushed to the prison several times to inquire about news, but each time he returned without any new developments. Allen Darrow remained unaccounted for. The guards were conducting a search in the countryside, and all nearby residents had been notified. The alarm bell kept ringing continuously. As for the prison, we heard that it had entered a high state of alert, with all prisoners confined to their cells, locked in their individual cells, and not allowed to leave until the escaped convict was captured…
[1395] Earlier in the afternoon, we saw the road-building crew return, escorted by six armed guards, maintaining a certain distance from each other. I numbly counted them, and there were only nineteen. Soon after, they disappeared into the prison courtyard.
[1396] By evening, the search cars began to return one by one. Mr. Magnum, the warden, sat in the first car. As the people on the car tiredly stepped down and walked through the gate, we saw him give a stern order to a guard - Father Mueller said it was the head guard - in a low voice. Then, he trudged wearily towards us. He climbed the stairs slowly, panting, his short and stout figure looked tired and sweaty.
[1397] "Ah," he sighed, sitting in a recliner, "that man is a menace. Mr. Rine, what do you think of your beloved Allen Darrow?"
[1398] The old gentleman said, "Warden, dogs will jump the wall when they are cornered. It's not a pleasant thing to spend the rest of your life in prison for a crime you never committed."
[1399] Father Mueller whispered, "Magnum, any news?"
[1400] "No, he disappeared as if he had crawled into a hole. I dare say - he couldn't have done it alone, he must have had accomplices, otherwise we would have caught him by now."
[1401] We sat quietly, no one speaking. Then, a group of guards walked out of the prison gate, heading towards us. The warden quickly said, "Excuse me, Father, I must apologize. I just ordered an interrogation, and I intend to conduct it here – in your doorway. I didn't want to do this inside the prison, as it might demoralize the staff… you don't mind, do you?"
[1402] "No, no, of course not."
[1403] "Magnum, what's your plan?" the father muttered.
[1404] The warden looked cold and stern. "I have my suspicions. Most escapes happen inside the prison – with the help of other inmates, and these attempts usually fail. Anyway, escapes are rare. Over the past nineteen years, there have been twenty-three attempts, and only four of them were not recaptured. So, if a prisoner wants to escape, he better be sure of success, or he'll face severe consequences – he'll lose most of his privileges, and the outcome will be tragic. No, my opinion on this matter is –" he stopped, gritting his teeth, as the guards reached the steps of Father Mool's house and stood at attention. I noticed that two of them didn't have guns, and the way the other guards surrounded them made me shiver.
[1405] "Parker! Callahan! Come here," Magnum, the warden, barked.
[1406] The two men reluctantly stepped up the stairs, their faces pale with dust, both tense. One of them - Parker - trembled with fear, crying like a scolded child.
[1407] "What's going on?"
[1408] Parker swallowed a small mouthful of saliva, but it was Callahan who spoke: "Warden, he escaped while we weren't paying attention. You know, in our eight years here, no road crew inmate has ever dared to try to escape. We were sitting on rocks, watching them work, and DeO was fetching water a short distance from the road when suddenly he dropped the bucket and ran into the woods. Parker and I - we yelled for everyone to stay on the road, and then chased after him. I fired three shots, but I guess I -"
[1409] The warden raised his hand, and Callahan stopped.
[1410] "Daly," Magnus said calmly to the guard below the stairs, "did you check the road as I instructed?"
[1411] "Yes, Warden," Daley replied.
[1412] "What did you find?"
[1413] "I found two bullet casings in a tree twenty feet from where Deere entered the woods, on the other side of the road."
[1414] "On the same side as the road?"
[1415] "No, Warden, on the other side of the road."
[1416] "So," Magnus remained calm, "Parker, Callahan, you let Deereo escape, how much did you get?"
[1417] Callahan stammered, "Why, warden, we absolutely—" but Parker trembled and shouted, "I told you, Callahan! It's all your fault! I told you we couldn't get away—"
[1418] "You took bribes, didn't you?" Magnus interrupted him.
[1419] Parker covered his face, "Yes, warden."
[1420] I imagine Mr. Lane must have been very confused, his eyes flickering as he sat thoughtfully in the chair.
[1421] "Who paid you?"
[1422] "A guy in the city," Parker said, with Callahan's face filled with rage, "I don't know his name, just a middleman."
[1423] Mr. Lane made a peculiar sound from the depths of his throat, leaning forward to whisper in the warden's ear, Magnus nodded: "How did Deo know about the plan?"
[1424] "I don't know, warden. By God, I truly don't! Everything was set up perfectly, we didn't have to worry about approaching him, we were just told everything was taken care of."
[1425] "How much did you get?"
[1426] "Five hundred dollars each. Warden, I – I didn't mean to! It's just that my wife needs surgery, and the kids…"
[1427] "Stop talking," Magnus interrupted him, and then raised his head, and the two guards were escorted back to the prison.
[1428] "Magnus," Father Mull said nervously, "don't blame them or punish them, just relieve them of their duties. I know Parker's wife, she's really sick. And Carahan isn't a bad guy. But they have to support their families, you know how little their salaries are…"
[1429] Magnus sighed: "Father, I know. But I can't set a precedent. Otherwise, the morale of the other guards would be ruined, and you can imagine what that would mean for the prisoners." He made a strange gesture, "It's strange," he murmured, "I don't know how Deo knew about the escape, unless Parker lied…I've always suspected there was a leak in the prison, but this method – it's quite clever…"
[1430] The old gentleman looked mournfully at the blazing sunset: "Warden, I think I can help with that," he murmured, "as you said, it's quite clever, but also very simple."
[1431] "Oh?" Magnus, the warden, blinked. "What?"
[1432] Mr. Reen shrugged: "Warden, I've been aware of this flaw for some time now, purely as a result of observing some peculiar phenomena. It's quite strange, I haven't mentioned it, because my old friend Father Muller is involved."
[1433] Father Muller's mouth hung open. Magnus, the warden, jumped up, staring with wide eyes and shouting, "Bullshit! I don't believe it - Father Muller is the most…"
[1434] "I know, I know," Mr. Reen said softly. "Sit down, Warden, calm down. And you, Father, don't be tense. I'm not accusing you of anything bad. Let me explain first."
[1435] Father Muller's tired eyes looked thoughtful, trying to focus through his thick glasses, and then he shook his head: "I really can't think of anything. Unless you mean I hit someone. Mr. Reen, you know, my myopia is very deep, and I'm afraid I'm a bit absent-minded…"
[1436] The old gentleman chuckled, "That's right. You have poor eyesight and are absent-minded, so when you went into the city, you bumped into someone on the street."
[1437] Father Mole looked puzzled, "What do you mean? They were all very kind and respectful when they saw my robes. I think, a few times, my umbrella fell on the sidewalk, or my hat, prayer book—"
[1438] "Ha! Your prayer book? Just as I suspected. So what happened when these kind-hearted and respectful people picked up your hat, umbrella, or prayer book?"
[1439] "They gave them back to me, what's wrong with that?"
[1440] Mr. Reen chuckled lowly, "Magistrate, you see now, it's a simple matter. Father, these kind-hearted people picked up your prayer book, then hid it and gave you another one that looks the same! And this switched prayer book, I guess, is where you brought the letter into the prison; or the prayer book that the kind-hearted people took, had a note inside that they took out of the prison!"
[1441] "But how did you figure it out?" the jailor murmured.
[1442] "Nothing magical," said the elderly gentleman, smiling, "several times, I saw Father Mure leaving home or prison with a prayer book that had a slightly worn cover, but when he returned, he had a new one with a shiny cover, obviously brand new. His prayer book never gets old, like a phoenix rising from the ashes, so I naturally made that inference."
[1443] Magnus stood up again and began to pace on the veranda, "Of course! It's so damn smart. Come on, come on, Father, don't be so shocked, it's not your fault. Who do you think is behind it?"
[1444] "I - I really can't think of anyone," Father Mure stammered.
[1445] "Of course, it's Taber!" Magnus turned to face us, "The only person who could be it is Taber. Because Father Mure, besides being the prison chaplain, also manages the prison library - usually in large prisons. He has an assistant, a prisoner named Taber - our model prisoner; but a criminal is a criminal, Taber must have used Father Mure as a tool to communicate with the outside world, making money from every letter sent or received. Ah, it's clear as day now! Mr. Rine, I'm grateful, I can catch that scoundrel in five minutes."
[1446] So, the warden eagerly went out, rushing back to the prison.
[1447] The blue-black shadows of evening fell over the hills, and night began to settle. As the light faded, most of the search party returned to the prison, their bright searchlights illuminating the dusty road, but they came back empty-handed, having not caught Deo.
[1448] We had nothing to do but return to the Clay house or stay and wait, and we chose to stay. Father called Elias Clay to reassure him that we were all right, and none of us wanted to leave without knowing the results of the search. We sat there for hours, late into the night, with no one speaking, and I even heard the barking of the hounds...
[1449] Tabor's actions didn't bother us—except for Father Mueller, who was deeply saddened and unwilling to believe it, describing his assistant as "an excellent young man, so interested in our library's books and having such excellent reading skills among the prisoners."
[1450] Later, around 10 p.m.—we hadn't eaten since lunch, but no one felt hungry. Father, who hadn't rested, couldn't hold back any longer and excused himself, hurrying back to the prison. He returned looking very troubled, wringing his hands and refusing to accept consolation, his face displaying a horrified expression that seemed permanent.
[1451] He seemed unable to believe that, in his gentle heart, the rosy bubbles of his belief in the prisoners had been ruthlessly shattered by reality.
[1452] "Did he use you?" Father asked softly.
[1453] "Yes, oh yes! It was terrible. I went to see him, and he had been dismissed from his position and privileges, and Maugham - it was certainly correct to do so, but seemed a bit too harsh - had reclassified him as a C-level prisoner. He almost dared not look at me, how could he -"
[1454] "Did he say," Mr. Reen asked softly, "how many times he passed messages for Allen Deo?"
[1455] Father Muller shuddered: "Yes, Deo sent only one - a few weeks ago, to Senator Fustic, but Tabor did not know the content of the letter. The messages he received were only a couple of times. It's hard to imagine that he had been engaged in this lucrative side job for several years. Every time I brought back a new prayer book, he would take the letter sewn into the back of the book - or put the letter in the old one for me to take out. He claimed he never knew the content of the letters. Oh, dear…"
[1456] So we all sat there, waiting for the thing we feared to happen. Would they find the escaped Darrow? It seemed unlikely that he would ever escape the guards' grasp.
[1457] "They're saying," Father Mulrooney quivered, "that they're going to take the dogs out to look for him."
[1458] "I think I hear dog barking," I murmured, and everyone fell silent. Time passed slowly, and there was a commotion on the prison side, with lights flashing wildly into the sky. Cars came and went all night through the prison courtyard, some heading towards the road to the forest, others rushing past Father Mulrooney's house. At one point, we even saw a man in dark clothing, leading several dogs with tongues lolling out, looking quite terrifying. Father Mulrooney returned after ten o'clock, and we sat silently on the porch until midnight. I felt that Mr. Reen was struggling with some sin that he could not fully grasp in his mind, and he remained silent, staring up at the sky with half-closed eyes and his hands loosely clasped in front of him. To him, we were almost non-existent. Was he thinking about the time Allen Darrow was released from prison, when someone was killed? Was that what he was trying to figure out? I thought I should say something…
[1459] Suddenly, something happened in the middle of the night, as if fate had arranged it beforehand.
[1460] A car pulled up in front of our house from the direction of Ritz, and we all stood up unconsciously, stretching our necks in the dark.
[1461] A person jumped out of the back seat of the car and ran up the path leading to the porch.
[1462] "Sheriff Sam? Mr. Leen?" he called.
[1463] It was Hume, the prosecutor, with his hair tousled and panting excitedly.
[1464] "What is it?" Father asked loudly.
[1465] Hume suddenly sat down on the last step of the stairs: "I have news to tell you all... Do you still think Dare is innocent?" He put on an air of after-the-fact cleverness.
[1466] Philo Rine stumbled forward two steps, and in the dim light of the stars, I saw his lips move silently before he murmured, "You mean...?"
[1467] "What I mean," Mr. Hume murmured, sounding tired, bitter, and resentful, as if what had happened was a personal insult to him, "What I mean is, your friend Allen Derouin escaped from Apgun this afternoon, and tonight... just a few minutes ago... someone found Dr. Ella Fustic murdered."
[1468] Chapter 16
[1469] Looking back, I realize that from the beginning, everything was inevitable. I pondered it over and over again, but I never saw it coming. And for the old gentleman, the case became more and more complicated. He could never forgive himself for letting Allen Derouin test himself without a fair witness in the detention center, resulting in a grave mistake. Now, sitting in his car, with Dromio driving behind Mr. Hume's car, he sped down the dark mountain. His head hung low, bitterly thinking that he should have foreseen everything and prevented Dr. Fustic's murder.
[1470] "To be honest," he said in a voice devoid of emotion, "I shouldn't have come here. According to the facts, Fustic's death was inevitable, and I'm the biggest fool..."
[1471] He fell silent, and we couldn't find any words of comfort. I was miserable, and my father was lost in a cloud of gloom. Father Moy didn't come, and this last blow proved too much for him. We could only leave him in his small sitting room, with his sad eyes fixed on his Bible.
[1472] So we drove up the dark lane again, seeing the mansion lit up with lights, and the state police and police officers gathered around it. We crossed the threshold, which seemed destined to become the stepping stone for the murderer and the victim.
[1473] At first glance, everything looked much the same as when we first visited months ago. There was the same group of grim detectives surrounding Chief Keneen, and the same discovery of the dead on the first floor...
[1474] But Dr. Ella Fuchs was not killed in the senator's study.
[1475] We found his curled-up body lying on the carpet in the examination room, only a few feet away from the desk. The night before, I had just seen him sitting at the same desk, studying the wooden box that might have been in the miniature suitcase. His neat black beard protruded from his chin, his limbs spread out, and he stared blankly at the ceiling. If it weren't for the stiff limbs that looked twisted and uneasy, the pose would have been like that of an Egyptian mummy waiting for eternity. A thing protruded from his left chest, like the round handle of a knife, and I recognized it as a surgical knife.
[1476] I leaned weakly on my father, feeling him comfortingly grip my arm. The scene was repeating itself, and I felt nauseous, my vision blurred, as I saw familiar faces talking. The little forensic doctor, Dr. Bull, knelt next to the stiff body, his nimble fingers examining it; Kennedy frowned at the ceiling. Additionally, standing next to the desk was Rufus Cotton, John Hume's political guardian, his bald pink head glistening with sweat, his evil, wise old eyes puzzled and panicked.
[1477] "Rufus," the prosecutor called, "what's going on? Did you find the body?"
[1478] "Yes, I, I—" The old politician wiped the sweat from his forehead with a handkerchief. "I—I came to visit him on a whim, John, without making an appointment. I wanted to discuss—uh, some things with Dr. Fitts. You know, about the election. John, don't look at me like that! I found him dead, just like you see him now."
[1479] Hume stared painfully at Rufus Cotton for a moment before muttering, "Well, Rufus, I can't cover this up for you. When did you find him?"
[1480] "Oh, John, please…"
[1481] "When did you find him?"
[1482] "Twelve point twenty-five, John... The house was quiet and empty, so I called Kennet right away..."
[1483] "Did you touch anything?" my father asked.
[1484] "Absolutely not." He seemed deflated, losing his usual confidence, leaning heavily on the desk, avoiding John Hume's gaze.
[1485] Mr. Philo Vance's eyes swept the room, stopping at Dr. Burr's side, slightly bending down: "You must be the pathologist, doctor. How long has this person been dead?"
[1486] Dr. Bauer grinned. "Another body, huh? I'd say it was a few minutes after eleven, around eleven ten."
[1487] "Was he killed instantly?"
[1488] Dr. Bauer looked up at him. "Oh, hard to say, probably dragged on for a few minutes."
[1489] The old gentleman looked at him. "Thank you." Then he stood up straight and began searching the desk for something, his face devoid of emotion.
[1490] Cunningham growled, "Hume, we talked to the servants, and Fuchs sent them all out early tonight. Interesting, isn't it? Just like his brother."
[1491] Dr. Boll stood up and closed his black briefcase. "Well," he said cheerfully, "definitely a standard murder case, the weapon was a scalpel, medically speaking, a surgical knife. Used for small incisions."
[1492] "That's right," Mr. Raine said thoughtfully, "from this box on the desk."
[1493] Dr. Boll shrugged, seemingly agreeing with the statement. On the desk was a rubber box, filled with a jumble of strange-looking surgical instruments, and it seemed that Dr. Fuchsitt was planning to put them in the electronic sterilizer next to the desk, which was still steaming, and Dr. Boll quickly went over to turn it off. The room fell silent: I found it to be a well-equipped examination room, with a check-up table, a giant fluorescent examination screen, an X-ray machine, and various other devices that I couldn't name. Next to the rubber box on the desk lay a black briefcase, similar to Dr. Boll's, with "Dr. Ella Fuchsitt" neatly printed on it.
[1494] "There was only one wound," Dr. Boll continued, examining the weapon he had just pulled out of the corpse, the blade was thin, with a hook-like tip, and covered in dark red blood, "Hume, this knife is unremarkable, but quite effective. You can see it caused a lot of bleeding." He kicked the corpse's direction, and we saw a large irregular-shaped bloodstain on the gray-brown carpet next to the body, the blood probably sprayed out of the wound, dripping down Dr. Boll's clothes, and onto the carpet, "In fact, the blade scraped a rib, and the wound was terrible, yes."
[1495] "But—" Hume said impatiently, while Mr. Raine's eyes lit up, and he knelt by the corpse, examining the dead man's right hand closely.
[1496] He looked up: "What's this?" he asked, "Dr. Bauer, did you see that?"
[1497] The forensic physician glanced calmly: "Oh, that? Not particularly important, but I can tell you, there's no wound there."
[1498] We saw three elliptical bloodstains on Dr. Westcott's right wrist, closely spaced. The forensic physician reminded us, "Notice, just above the artery."
[1499] "Yes, I noticed," Mr. Raine said casually, "Doctor, from a medical perspective, it's not significant, but it's actually very important."
[1500] I tapped the old gentleman's arm: "Mr. Raine," I called, "it looks like the killer killed the victim and then checked the victim's pulse, leaving the fingerprints."
[1501] "Very clever, Percy," he smiled slightly, "I was thinking the same thing, why did he do that?"
[1502] "To make sure Senator Fuchs was dead," I said hesitantly.
[1503] "Well, of course," the prosecutor interjected, "What's so strange about that? Let's get to work, Reen. Doctor Burr, will you perform the autopsy? Be careful and don't miss anything."
[1504] I gave Dr. Fuchs' dead face one last glance, and then Doctor Burr covered the body with a sheet, waiting for the public welfare truck. The expression on the face was not terrifying, just cold and a little surprised.
[1505] The fingerprint officers began their work, and Kaneen walked around casually, occasionally giving orders. John Hume took Rufus Cotton aside, and then Philo Reen gave a low cry, and everyone suddenly looked up, as he held something behind his back, obviously found in the pile of papers.
[1506] It was the same wooden box I had seen Dr. Bostwick glaring at last night.
[1507] "Ha!" said Mr. Vance. "Good, I knew it would be here. Well, Perkins, what do you make of it?"
[1508] Like the first one we found, it was a sawed-off wooden box, but this time both ends were sawed off, clearly the middle section of the box. It was identical in appearance to the first one, with two gold-lettered initials stamped on the surface.
[1509] However, this time it was JA. "The first one was HE," I murmured. "Now it's JA. Mr. Vance, I must admit, I don't understand."
[1510] "What a farce!" Hume exclaimed, peering over his father's shoulder. "Who is 'he' (HE) and JA –"
[1511] "In German, it means Yes," I whispered hopelessly.
[1512] Hume sniffed. "Now, everything makes sense, doesn't it?"
[1513] "Percy, my dear," said the old gentleman, "this clue is crucial, strange, very strange! He quickly scanned the room, looking for something, and his eyes lit up as he rushed to a corner where a small shelf held a thick, large dictionary. Hume and his father stared at him in disbelief, but I knew what he was after, and my mind raced, trying to put together H-E-J-A... It must be a word, H-e-j-a, but I was certain there was no such word.
[1514] Mr. Rine slowly flipped through the dictionary: "Indeed," he whispered, "as I suspected." He pursed his lips and paced back and forth in front of the corpse, his expression puzzling.
[1515] "We can fit the two halves of the box together, I think," he murmured. "It's a shame we don't have the first half."
[1516] "Who said we don't?" Keneen sneered, and I looked in amazement as he pulled the first half out of his pocket. "I had a hunch it might come in handy, so I dug it out of the archives at headquarters before coming here." He casually handed it to the old gentleman.
[1517] Mr. Reane eagerly grabbed it and walked to the desk, fitting the two halves of the box together in the right place. Now it was clear that it was a miniature wooden box with small metal clasps, and the letters arranged formed the word "Heja." My mind suddenly cleared: these four letters obviously couldn't form a complete word, so there must be other letters. If they were to paint the box, they would have painted it in the center, but now we saw that the center box with the letter "a" was off-center, so without other letters, the gilded letter would be off-center.
[1518] Mr. Reane murmured, "You see, when put together, it forms a model of a complete wooden box. After checking the dictionary, I confirmed my suspicion that there is only one word in the English dictionary that starts with h-e-j-a."
[1519] "Impossible!" Hume exclaimed quickly. "I've never heard of it."
[1520] "It may not be a meaningful word," Mr. Reane said, smiling gently. "I repeat, there is only one word in the English dictionary that starts with h-e-j-a, but it's not an English word, but an Englishized word."
[1521] "What is it?" I slowly asked.
[1522] "Hejaz."
[1523] We all blinked, as if he had spoken some kind of nonsense incantation, and Hume roared, "Well, Mr. Lane, let's say it's this word. What the hell does it mean?"
[1524] "Hejaz," the old gentleman calmly replied. "It's a region in Arabia, and coincidentally, the capital of Hejaz is Mecca."
[1525] Hume despaired, "And then what, Mr. Lane? This is absurd and meaningless. Arabia! Mecca!"
[1526] "Mr. Hume, meaningless? I don't think so. Two people have died because of it," Mr. Raine said without expression. "I admit, if you take it literally as referring to Arabs, it's fanciful. But I don't think that's the case. I have a very particular idea—" his voice trailed off, and he added softly, "Mr. Hume, you know, our work is not yet complete."
[1527] "Not yet complete?"
[1528] Father's eyebrows furrowed, "Do you mean another murder case?"
[1529] The old gentleman crossed his hands behind his back, "It seems so, doesn't it? The first victim was killed before receiving the HE box; then the second victim was killed before receiving the JA box—"
[1530] "So, someone will receive the last box and then be killed, huh?" Keneally chuckled.
[1531] "Not necessarily," Mr. Lane sighed, "If the past pattern is meaningful, then obviously the third person will receive the last segment of the box, which will be painted with a Z, and that person will be taken away. That is, there will be a Z murder case. " He smiled, "But I think, in this case, we shouldn't rely on the past pattern, what's important is -" His tone rose, "There is a 'third' person involved, in the cases of Senator Budge and Doctor Budge, he played the role of the last member of the trio!"
[1532] "How did you deduce that?" asked the father.
[1533] "It's very simple. Why was the box cut into three segments from the beginning? Obviously, it was intended to be sent to three people."
[1534] "The third person is Derwood," said Kenyon. "What do you mean by 'send'? The last segment is meant for himself, isn't it?"
[1535] "Oh, Kenyon, that's all nonsense," Mr. Lane said mildly. "No, not Derwood."
[1536] As for the box, that's all he said. From the faces of Kenyon Commissioner and John Hume, I know they don't believe Mr. Reine's explanation of the box, even the father looks suspicious.
[1537] Mr. Reine tightened his lips and suddenly spoke up: "Where is the letter, gentlemen? Where is the letter?"
[1538] "What the hell is this –" Kenyon began to curse, his thick lips wide open.
[1539] "Hurry up, hurry up, gentlemen, we are wasting time. Have you noticed that?"
[1540] Kenyon shook his head silently and took out a small piece of paper from his pocket, handing it to the old gentleman: "Found on the desk," he grumbled uneasily. "How did you know about this?"
[1541] That was what I saw on Dr. Wester's desk the night before last, placed next to the note in the middle of the box.
[1542] "Ha!" Hume exclaimed, snatching the note from Mr. Lane's hand, "Keneally, what does this mean? Why didn't you mention it to me?" He pursed his lips: "Well, we're back to reality anyway."
[1543] The note was written in ink, in ordinary handwriting, and the paper was dirty, as if many people had handled it. Hume read out the content of the note in a loud voice:
[1544] Scheduled to escape on Tuesday afternoon, find an opportunity during road construction. The guards are no problem, and the food and clothes are in the shed I told you about in the previous note. Hide there first, come to me alone at 11:30 pm on Tuesday. Please be careful.
[1545] "Walter Budwest!" the prosecutor shouted, "Good, good! This time we've caught DeOra, too good. DeOra arranged for DeOra to escape for some strange reasons and bribed the guards -"
[1546] "Check if it's Fletcher's handwriting," the father said, Mr. Reen looking on with a somber expression.
[1547] A sample of Dr. West's handwriting was brought in, and although there was no expert present, a simple comparison was enough to confirm that the note was indeed written by Dr. West.
[1548] "Betrayed," Commissioner Kennedy grumbled. "It's clear as day now, Hume. Deo took the money, killed Fletcher, and escaped."
[1549] "And," the father said sarcastically, "I guess he left this note on purpose so someone would find it."
[1550] This sarcasm had no effect on Commissioner Kennedy, but the same ominous look returned to Hume's face.
[1551] Kennett continued to boast, "Holmes, I phoned the bank before you arrived. I wouldn't waste time, and the result was fantastic. Yesterday morning, Baskerville withdrew twenty-five thousand from his account, but the money isn't in the house."
[1552] "You mean 'yesterday' morning?" Mr. Lestrade exclaimed. "Kennett, are you sure?"
[1553] "Listen," Kennett roared, "I said yesterday is yesterday —"
[1554] "Ah, that's important," the old gentleman murmured, and I had never seen him so animated, his eyes gleaming, and a flush of youth returning to his cheeks. "Of course, you mean 'Tuesday' morning, not Wednesday morning, right?"
[1555] "Damn it, yes," Kennett said with an air of annoyance.
[1556] "That's not right," Hume murmured, "the note said to escape on Wednesday, not today, Thursday. Odd, very odd."
[1557] "Look at the back of the note," Mr. Lane suggested softly, his eyes sharp, noticing something that the rest of us hadn't.
[1558] Hume quickly flipped the note over, and there was another letter, this time written in pencil with capital letters - just like the one we found at Senator Westcott's murder scene - and the note read:
[1559] "Cannot escape on Wednesday, change to Thursday. Prepare the money at the same time on Thursday evening."
[1560] Allen Darrow
[1561] "Ah!" Hume breathed a sigh of relief. "So that clears things up. Darrow must have slipped this note out of Sing Sing and written it on the same one Fosdick gave him, perhaps to prove its authenticity. The reason for the delay doesn't matter – maybe something happened in the prison that made him decide to wait an extra day; or maybe he was just nervous and needed more time to work up the courage. Mr. Reine, you said it was important for Dr. Fosdick to withdraw the money on Tuesday – did you mean this?"
[1562] "Not at all," Mr. Reine said.
[1563] Hume looked at him, then shrugged. "Well, there's no doubt about it now, this case is as clear as day. Darrow's not going to escape the electric chair this time."
[1564] The old gentleman sighed. "I can't find any evidence here to shake my belief in Darrow's innocence. And everything points to someone else who should be punished."
[1565] "Who?" my father and I exclaimed at the same time.
[1566] "I'm not entirely sure yet."
[1567] Chapter 17: Playing the Heroine
[1568] Looking back on those chaotic hours, I now realize that although we were enveloped in a dense fog of despair - at least my father and I were - everything led quickly and inevitably to a stunning climax. I could see no hint of what was to come: the body covered with a sheet was carried away, Mr. Hume the prosecutor gave a brisk order, and spoke on the phone with Magnum the warden of Apgar's prison, planning how to capture the still-elusive suspect. We left silently, and on the way home, Mr. Raine said nothing. And then, the next day... everything happened so fast.
[1569] I saw Jeremy in the morning, who left home for the mine after a fierce argument with his father. The news of Dr. Fuchs' murder shocked the old Clay. He somewhat awkwardly blamed my father for putting him in this predicament: campaigning for two dead men for a Senate seat.
[1570] My father firmly advised him to give up the campaign. "There's no other way out," he said with a faint smile, "Don't blame me, Clay. What can you blame me for? Call the reporters if you want to jump on a dead man's head, tell them you initially accepted the nomination just to find evidence of Dr. Fuchs' misdeeds. Tell them the truth, just like that. Or maybe it's not true, maybe you really wanted to accept the nomination..."
[1571] "Of course not," Clay frowned.
[1572] "Then it's settled. Meet with Hume, hand over all the evidence, I'll find the contracts that show Westcott's shenanigans, and then you draft a withdrawal statement for the newspapers. Hume will become the state senator without an opponent, and he'll be grateful for your concession, and you'll become a hero in Tylertown for the rest of your life."
[1573] "This -"
[1574] "As for me," the father continued politely, "my work is done. I haven't delivered any results, so I haven't received any payment beyond some expenses, and your deposit was enough to cover those."
[1575] "Nonsense, Sergeant! I didn't mean -"
[1576] I left their affectionate argument as the housekeeper Martha called me to the phone. It was Jeremy, his voice sounding excited, and I was instantly chilled by his first words.
[1577] "Petty!" His voice was low and tense, almost a whisper, "Is anyone with you?"
[1578] "No. For God's sake, Jeremy, what's going on?"
[1579] "Listen, Petty, there's something you have to do. I'm calling from the office at the mine," he said urgently, "This is an emergency, Petty, come right away, right now!"
[1580] "But why, Jeremy, why?" I called out.
[1581] "Don't ask, just come in my convertible, don't tell anyone, understand? Hurry, Petty, for God's sake, hurry!"
[1582] I acted immediately, dropping the phone, smoothing my skirt, running upstairs to grab my hat and gloves, and then rushing back down, then feigning nonchalance to walk back onto the veranda, where my father and Elihu Clay were still arguing.
[1583] "I thought I'd take Jeremy's car out for a spin," I said casually, "Is that okay?"
[1584] They didn't hear me, so I quickly made my way to the garage, hopped into Jeremy's convertible, and sped down the driveway like an arrow shot from a bow, as if a pack of ghosts were chasing me. My mind was a blank, focused solely on reaching the Clay Marble Quarry as quickly as possible.
[1585] I'm certain I covered the six-mile stretch in less than seven minutes. Then I drove into the open office of the quarry, kicking up a cloud of dust, and Jeremy jumped onto the car's running board, grinning at me like any young man would when a young woman unexpectedly arrives.
[1586] Although I noticed an odd smile from an Italian stonemason, Jeremy's words were not foolish: "Good girl, Petty," he said, his expression unchanged but his voice suppressed, "Don't look surprised, smile at me." I forced a smile, very awkwardly, and I'm sure of it, "Petty, I know where Allen Deere is hiding!"
[1587] "Oh, Jeremy," I gasped.
[1588] "Shh! I'll tell you... my drilling worker, a very reliable and trustworthy man, will keep it a secret... he snuck up to me a few minutes ago. During his lunch break, he walked into the forest to find a shady spot to eat, about half a mile back there, and he saw Deere hiding in an old abandoned shed."
[1589] "Is he sure?" I whisper.
[1590] "Absolutely sure, he saw the photo in the newspaper. What should we do? I know you think he's innocent..."
[1591] "Jeremy Clay," I blurted out, "he is innocent, you calling me is so cute." He was wearing a dusty work suit, looking childish and helpless, "Let's go there and sneak him out of the forest, take him to..."
[1592] We looked at each other for a long time, like two frightened accomplices.
[1593] Jeremy gritted his teeth and said briefly, "Let's go, act natural, let's go for a walk in the forest."
[1594] He smiled at me, helping me out of the convertible, holding my hand, squeezing it to reassure me, and then leading me along the path to the forest, leaning down to whisper in my ear. For the onlookers, it was like a young man flirting with his girlfriend. I giggled, gazing deeply into his eyes, but my mind was in chaos. What we were about to do was so terrifying, and I wasn't sure if the barely breathing Allen Darrow would have a chance to escape the electric chair's fate...
[1595] After what seemed like an endless stretch of road, we finally entered the forest, cool tree shadows overhead, and the scent of trees filled our nostrils. The world seemed far away, even the occasional sound of the mine explosion seemed distant and unreal. We abandoned our silly lover act, running wildly, Jeremy leading the way, moving swiftly like an Indian, and I panted behind him.
[1596] Suddenly, I bumped into him, and he stopped, his young, open face showing a look of alarm. Alarm, fear, and then despair.
[1597] Then I heard it too, the sound of alarms and barking dogs.
[1598] "Oh no," he whispered, "it's slim hope, Petty, they've tracked him down by scent."
[1599] "Too late," I murmured, my heart tightening, holding his arm, and he shook me violently, shaking my teeth. "Damn it, don't give me the weak woman act now!"
[1600] "Come on, maybe it's not too late," he snapped, "let's go."
[1601] He turned and rushed down the dim path into the forest, and I hurried after him, bewildered and confused, and annoyed with him. He dared to shake me like that? He dared to scold me?
[1602] He stopped abruptly, covering my mouth with his hand, and then bent down, crawling on all fours through a patch of dusty shrubs, occasionally pulling me back, and I bit my lips to keep from crying, my skirt tearing on the thorns of the trees, and my fingers cut, and then I forgot the pain, and before me was a small clearing in the forest.
[1603] Too late! In front of us, a dilapidated shack swayed precariously, and on the other side of the clearing, the sound of hounds barking furiously could be heard.
[1604] For a moment, the clearing seemed calm and empty, but the peace was soon shattered as uniformed guards aimed their rifles at the shack, and the hounds - those hideous beasts - leaped lightning-fast onto the shack's door, clawing and jumping, emitting terrible growls...
[1605] Three people ran forward, grabbed the leashes, and pulled the dogs back.
[1606] We stood in silence and despair.
[1607] A red flash accompanied by a crack of gunfire erupted from one of the shack's small windows, and I saw a revolver barrel disappear inside, followed by a dripping-jawed hound, which suddenly contorted and fell dead.
[1608] "Don't come any closer!" a shrill, hysterical voice - it was Allen Darrow - "Don't come any closer! Or you'll end up like that mutt. You won't catch me alive. I tell you, don't come any closer!"
[1609] Crawling on my knees, a mad idea took hold of me. I didn't care anymore. I believed Darrow when he said he would do it, and he might really commit a murder. But there was an opportunity, a very slim and insane chance...
[1610] Jeremy dragged me back again: "Good heavens, Petty, what are you doing?" he whispered, and I struggled, his mouth agape... As we fought, changes occurred on the clearing, and I saw Magnum the warden crouching among a group of guards, who retreated behind bushes and trees, some of them gradually approaching our hiding place, every armed guard's eyes filled with the burning desire to hunt...
[1611] The jailor stepped into the open: "Deere," he called calmly, "don't be a fool. The hut is surrounded, and we will catch you. We don't want to kill you…"
[1612] Bang! As if in a dream, I saw a red streak appear magically on the jailor's exposed right arm, and blood began to drip onto the dry ground. Deere fired again. A guard jumped out of the bushes, dragging the dazed jailor back.
[1613] I struggled to break free from Jeremy's grip, my heart pounding, and ran into the open. Suddenly, the universe stopped spinning, and I found everything suddenly silent, as if the jailor, guards, dogs, and even Deere himself were stunned by my reckless suicide attempt. But I was excited and in a half-mad state of mind due to the terrible idea in my head, and I couldn't control my muscles anymore.
[1614] I prayed silently that Jeremy wouldn't jump out after me, and almost at the same moment, I saw three guards crawling behind him and pouncing on him, struggling fiercely.
[1615] I looked up and heard my own clear and crisp voice saying, "Allen Deere, let me in. You know who I am. I'm Percy Sam. Let me in. I need to talk to you." As I casually walked straight towards the hut.
[1616] My mind went blank, and I couldn't think. If Deo shot me out of fear, I would never know how I died.
[1617] A piercing sound pierced my eardrums: "Back off, the rest of you! She's in my hands, anyone who moves, I'll kill her! Back off!"
[1618] So I walked to the door, and it opened. I stepped into the dim shadows, smelling the damp odor inside. The door slammed shut behind me, and I leaned against it, dizzy with fear and trembling like an old woman with chills…
[1619] The poor creature looked terrible—dirty, messy, with a scruffy beard, ugly and repulsive, and submissive like Quasi. However, his eyes were determined, the calm and resolve of a brave man facing an inevitable death. He had a smoking revolver in his left hand.
[1620] "Hurry up!" he growled. "If this is a trick, I'll kill you right away." He glanced sharply out the window. "Speak."
[1621] "Mr. Allen Derro," I whisper, "this will do you no good. You know how much I believe in your innocence, and Mr. Reen — the kind, wise old gentleman who conducted your cell trial — and my father, the retired detective inspector. They all believe..."
[1622] "But they can't save Allen Derro's life," he mutters.
[1623] "Mr. Allen Derro, you'll be dead for sure!" I cry. "Turn yourself in! It's your only chance...". I keep talking, not knowing what I'm saying anymore, probably something about the efforts we're making to help him, and how sure we are that we can save him.
[1624] Faintly, the voice sounds distant, I hear Derro's broken murmur: "I'm innocent, Miss. I didn't kill him, never. Save me, save me!" He kneels down and kisses my hand. My knees tremble, and I see the smoking gun drop to the ground. I help him up. Supporting his frail shoulder, I open the door, and we walk out together. I believe he must have surrendered calmly.
[1625] Then I faint. All I know is that Jeremy's face comes close to mine, and someone pours water over my head.
[1626] The rest is bitter memories. Whenever I think back on that afternoon, I shiver. Father and Mr. Renn rushed over, and I remember sitting in Mr. Hume's office, listening to the pitiful confession of poor Aaron Deavereaux. I also remember him huddled in the chair, twisting his withered, wrinkled head from my face to Mr. Renn's, then to my father's. I was exhausted, dazed, and Mr. Renn looked tragic. An hour before entering Mr. Hume's office, I had told Mr. Renn what I had promised Deavereaux in the shed, and I will never forget what Mr. Renn said and how he looked at that moment.
[1627] "Percy, Percy!" he cried in agony. "You shouldn't have done this. I didn't know. I traced something—quite remarkable, but incomplete—and it's impossible to save him."
[1628] Then I realized what I had done. Once again, I gave hope to this man, and once again…
[1629] He answered the questions. No, he didn't kill Dr. Fuchs. He didn't even enter the house… Mr. Hume took out the revolver Deavereaux had used in the shed from the drawer.
[1630] "This is Dr. Fuchs's," he said sternly. "Don't lie, Percy. Dr. Fuchs's servant saw it yesterday afternoon in the first drawer of the desk in the consulting room. You took it, Deavereaux. You went to the house…"
[1631] "Did you see the body?" Mr. Raine asked anxiously.
[1632] "I—yes, I saw it, but at the time I thought he was dead…"
[1633] "Dare, are you sure he's dead?"
[1634] "Yes, yes, sir, I'm sure!"
[1635] The prosecutor showed Dare the note found on Dr. Fuchs's desk, and all of us, except for Mr. Raine, were shocked. Dare strongly denied it, and it seemed genuine. He screamed that he had never seen the note, he had never seen Dr. Fuchs's handwritten signature letter; and the letter written in pencil with capital letters, signed "Allen Dare," he had never written.
[1636] "Did you receive any letters from Dr. Veskit during your last days in prison?" the old gentleman asked quickly.
[1637] "Yes, Mr. Rene, I did, but not this one! I received a letter from Dr. Veskit on Tuesday - a letter that told me to escape on Thursday. Mr. Rene, it's true! His note said Thursday!"
[1638] "I don't understand," Hume murmured, "Why would Dr. Veskit deceive him, or maybe because…"
[1639] The old gentleman seemed about to say something, but he only shook his head and remained silent. As for me, I began - very slowly, incredibly slowly - to see a glimmer of hope.
[1640] What followed was truly terrifying. John Hume once again chose the simple procedure: to have the assistant district attorney prosecute the case. Since D'Artagnan's first-degree murder charge was undeniable, and the prosecution was remarkably efficient, the trial began at lightning speed. The only difference was that this time, the people of Leeds could not watch, they wanted justice to be served to this man. The second murder charge against D'Artagnan infuriated the people, and it took extraordinary courage to try to keep him from returning to the prison with its guarded and shadowy walls.
[1641] It was incomprehensible that Mark Corry refused Mr. Reen's legal fees, his smug, pudgy face enigmatic, refusing to take up the case again for a case without hope.
[1642] While Philo Reen sat there, his soul tormented by despair and impotence, Allen Darrow was found guilty of first-degree murder after a forty-five-minute jury deliberation, and just over a month after his previous conviction for life imprisonment, he was sentenced to electrocution.
[1643] "Allen Darrow... sentenced to death and to be executed within one week, starting on X month X…"
[1644] Two deputy sheriffs cuffed Allen Darrow and, surrounded by armed guards, he was escorted to the Aroostook Prison. The silence of the death row cell was like the frozen earth under a winter tombstone, falling upon him.
[1645] Chapter 18: The Dark Hour
[1646] We drifted on the calm sea, praying for a breeze, but only the relentless sun shone down. We were all nearly exhausted - tired of waiting for the wind to rise, tired of fighting, tired of seeking a way out.
[1647] Father and Elijah Clayton reconciled their differences, and we had no desire to argue, so we stayed at their house. We only went back to sleep at night, spending little time there otherwise. Father constantly roamed the city like a ghost, while I spent most of my time on the hill at Father Mulholland's house, perhaps out of some sense of guilt, hoping to be closer to the condemned man. Father Mulholland visited Alonzo Drew every day, but for some reason, he wouldn't reveal Drew's condition. From the pain on Father Mulholland's face, I could guess that Drew must have cursed us all, but it was too late.
[1648] Everything was settled. There were some small incidents. I learned that Mr. Rine had secretly visited Alonzo Drew while he was waiting in the detention cell for his conviction and sentencing. I don't know what they talked about, but it must have been extraordinary, as since then, the old gentleman's face has been plagued by a look of fear.
[1649] I once asked about the content of their conversation, and he remained silent for a long time before saying, "He refused to tell me what Hijaz meant." He said nothing else.
[1650] There was another time when he suddenly disappeared, and we searched for him for four hours, almost going crazy, and then he reappeared quietly, sitting back in the rocking chair on Father Mulholland's porch as if he had never left. He sat there tiredly and indifferently, lost in his troubled thoughts. Later, I found out that he had gone to see Rufus Cotton to resolve some doubts in his theory. At the time, I didn't understand what he hoped to gain from this mysterious visit, but it was clear that his purpose had failed.
[1651] There was another time when, after hours of silence, he suddenly jumped up and called for Dromio to drive the car, then rushed off to Ritz, disappearing in a cloud of dust. They returned shortly, and a few hours later, a messenger came up the hill on a bicycle with a telegram. Mr. Rine's serpent-like eyes eagerly read it and then dropped it on my knees.
[1652] The federal detective is currently out in the Midwest. Please maintain absolute secrecy.
[1653] The telegram was signed by a high-ranking official in the Department of Justice. I believe that Mr. Rine was holding out a glimmer of hope to consult with Mr. Campbell, but it was clear that it was to no avail.
[1654] Of course, the old gentleman was the true victim. It's hard to believe that the same man who was so full of excitement and joy a few weeks ago, accompanying us to Richmond, is now the same Mr. Rine. Something seemed to have been drained from him, leaving only a breath, and he had returned to being the sickly old man. Except for occasionally disappearing, he and Father Mure sat in silence, wasting endless empty time, pondering strange thoughts known only to God.
[1655] Time passed slowly, and then slipped away unnoticed, with one quiet day following another. But one morning, I woke up groggily, suddenly remembering that it was Friday, and my whole body stiffened in fear. By law, the Magnus warden must decide on Allen Darrow's execution date within a week starting next week. However, it was just a formality, as it was the custom at the Apgun Prison to execute death sentences on Tuesday evenings. Therefore, unless a miracle occurs, Allen Darrow will be nothing but a charred corpse in two weeks... The thought left me bewildered, and I wanted to find someone to help, appeal to the authorities, and do everything possible to save the poor man trapped behind the walls. But who should I go to?
[1656] That afternoon, I dropped by Father Mule's house as usual and found my father there, discussing with Mr. Rine and the priest. I quietly sat down, closed my eyes, and then opened them again.
[1657] Mr. Rine said, "Inspector, it seems there is no hope. I'm going to Albany to find Bruno."
[1658] The conflict between friendship and duty is a common theme in drama.
[1659] If it were not for the seriousness of the situation, this conflict would have been quite entertaining.
[1660] Father and I were overjoyed to have the opportunity to take action, and we insisted on accompanying the old gentleman to Albany, and he seemed quite willing. Dromio drove tirelessly like a Spartan warrior, but when we finally arrived at the New York State capital on the hill, Father and I were exhausted. However, Mr. Rine did not listen to any suggestions of delay. He had already called Rine before arriving in Rye and Governor Bruno was waiting for us. So Dromio drove non-stop, without stopping for a snack or rest, straight to the Governor's Mansion.
[1661] We met the governor in his office in the State Capitol building - a bald, brown-haired, stern-eyed, sturdy old Bruno. He warmly welcomed us, ordered a secretary to bring him a sandwich, and cheerfully bantered with my father and Mr. Reen... but his eyes remained serious and alert, while his mouth smiled.
[1662] "Now," he said, after we had comfortably eaten and rested, "Mr. Reen, what brings you to Albany?"
[1663] "The case of Allen Darrow," the old gentleman replied calmly.
[1664] "I had guessed as much," Mr. Bruno quickly tapped on his desk, "tell me everything."
[1665] So the old gentleman told him, in calm, objective, and concise words, without creating any preconceived impressions. He patiently explained why Allen Darrow could not have killed the first victim, Senator Fuchs. Mr. Bruno listened with a furrowed brow, showing no emotion.
[1666] "So," Reen concluded, "considering these facts, it is indeed questionable whether O'Farrell is guilty. Governor, we came here to ask you to postpone the execution date."
[1667] Governor Bruno opened his eyes. "Reen, your analysis is still as impressive as ever, and in most cases, I would say it is correct. But - there is no evidence."
[1668] "Listen, Bruno," my father bellowed, "I know you're in a tough spot, but you've got to trust yourself! You know me too well! You have to postpone the execution date!"
[1669] Governor Bruno sighed. "This is the most difficult task I have faced since taking office, Sam and Reen. I am merely a tool of the law. Yes, I have sworn to uphold the law, but our legal system operates on facts, and you have no facts, brother, no 'facts.' It's all theory - perfect, resonant theory, but that's all it is. I cannot interfere with the execution after a jury has found guilt and a judge has pronounced a death sentence, unless I am certain the death row inmate is innocent based on evidence and morality. Give me evidence, evidence!"
[1670] The scene fell into an awkward silence, and I sat uneasily in my chair, feeling a blank of helplessness in my heart. Then Reen stood up, looking tall and imposing, with the lines of exhaustion and pallor etched on his weary face. "Bruno, I came here not only with the theory of Allen O'Farrell's innocence, but also with certain destructive inferences drawn from those two shocking and clear murders. However - as you say - reasoning is not a conclusion unless supported by evidence, and I have no evidence."
[1671] The father's eyes almost popped out, and he exclaimed, "So, you mean you 'know'?"
[1672] Mr. Rain impatiently made a strange gesture: "I almost know everything, not everything, but pretty close. He leaned over the governor's desk, staring intently into Bruno's eyes, "Bruno, in the past, you've always trusted me in difficult situations. Why won't you trust me this time?"
[1673] Governor Bruno lowered his eyes: "Dear Mr. Rain... I can't."
[1674] "Very well, then," the old gentleman straightened up, "I'll be more explicit. My deductions haven't yet pointed out who the murderer of Senator and Dr. Fuchs is, but, Bruno, my analysis has led me to a stage very close to the truth. I can be very precise in saying that the killer can only be one of the three specific individuals."
[1675] The father and I stared at him blankly. One-third! This statement seemed too surprising and impossible. I had already narrowed down the possible range to a specific number, but - three! I didn't understand how, based on the facts known so far, the pool of suspects could be reduced to such a small number.
[1676] The governor murmured: "And Allen Darrow is not one of the three?"
[1677] "No."
[1678] Mr. Lane's answer was very definitive, and I saw Mr. Bruno's worried eyes flicker.
[1679] "Trust me, give me time, 'time', understand? That's all I need and want. Time will reveal... the puzzle is still missing a piece, a very important piece, and I need to spend time to find it."
[1680] "Perhaps that piece doesn't exist," Bruno grumbled, "What if everything is in vain? Do you understand my position?"
[1681] "Then I'll concede. But unless I'm sure it doesn't exist, you have no moral right to dictate Darrow's fate and sentence him to death for a crime he didn't commit."
[1682] Mr. Bruno, the governor, looked up sharply: "Well, then," his lips moved rapidly, "I'll do this much for you. If you haven't found the final key by the time of execution, I'll postpone it by a week."
[1683] "Oh," Mr. Raine said, "thank you, Bruno. You're too kind. It's the first ray of sunshine in weeks of gloom. Sam, Percy – let's go back!"
[1684] "Wait a moment," the governor shuffled a paper on his desk, "I've been hesitating whether to tell you this, but since we decided to cooperate, I think I don't have the right to hide it. It might be important."
[1685] The old gentleman looked up sharply: "What is it?"
[1686] "You're not the only one asking for the cancellation of Allen DeO's execution."
[1687] "So?"
[1688] "There's someone from Riz City –"
[1689] "You mean," Mr. Rain said, his eyes sparkling with excitement, "Governor Bruno, there's someone we know, and involved in this case, who came before us to ask you to postpone?"
[1690] "Not to postpone," the governor whispered, "to pardon. She came two days ago, although she didn't tell me why –"
[1691] "Who is she?" We all stood stunned, exclaiming in unison.
[1692] "Fanny Kather."
[1693] Mr. Raine stared blankly at the oil painting above the governor's head: "Fanny Kather. Well, I see. I have -" he slammed his fist on the desk, "of course, of course! How could I be so blind, so stupid! She didn't explain why she wants you to pardon her, did she?" He strode across the carpet towards us, grabbing our arms and squeezing them until they hurt: "Percy, Chief Inspector - go back to Leeds! Tell you, there's hope!"
[1694] Chapter 19: All-Out Chase
[1695] The journey back to Leeds was strange, with the weather turning colder and Mr. Raine wrapped in his thick coat, his eyes burning with a fierce flame. I could feel his strong will driving the car's wheels, and he remained silent, occasionally lifting his head to order Dromio to drive faster.
[1696] However, humans cannot resist the physiological needs of eating and sleeping, and we were forced to stop for the night. We resumed our journey the next day, and by noon, we finally arrived in Leeds.
[1697] The streets seemed to be in an unexpected commotion, newsboys shouting headlines, and the front page featured a striking title. I suddenly heard a few words from a news vendor: Fanny Kater!
[1698] "Stop!" I shouted to Dromio, "Something big has happened."
[1699] Before my father and Mr. Reen could react, I jumped out of the car, threw a copper to the newsboy, and grabbed a newspaper.
[1700] "I found it!" I screamed, quickly climbing back into the car, "Look!"
[1701] The report in the Leeds Observer said that Fanny Kates "has been notorious for years and has been ordered arrested by the district attorney John Hume and will be charged with...". A long list of offenses followed: human trafficking, drug trafficking, and other vile deeds. According to the report, Hume seemed to have made good use of the documents found during the search of the Westcott house during the investigation of the first murder case. Fanny Kates' various "hideouts" were raided, private bribes were exposed, and all sorts of the most vicious rumors were spread, and it was clear that many prominent figures in Leeds society, business leaders, and politicians were directly involved.
[1702] Kates' bail was set at $25,000, and we noticed that she quickly secured her release and regained her freedom, awaiting trial.
[1703] "This is big news," Mr. Lane said thoughtfully. "Lucky, Chief, I can't say how lucky, our friend Fanny Kates is in a tough spot now, perhaps...". He didn't seem to care about the woman's arrest and prosecution, her downfall. "This kind of person will do everything to clear themselves... Drive to the office of the district attorney Hume, Dr. Moo."
[1704] Hume was sitting at his desk, leisurely smoking a cigar, and he greeted us with great pleasure. Where is the woman now? She has been bailed. Where is her headquarters? He chuckled and gave us an address.
[1705] We arrived at the location – a large house in a remote area of the city, which had obviously been searched by the police. It was opulent, lavish, and gaudy, decorated with a large number of enthusiastic but dubiously artistic nude paintings. She was not there, and since her release from jail, she had not returned.
[1706] We frantically searched for her, falling into panic once again. Three hours later, we stood silently and despondently, gazing at each other: the woman had vanished, and we could not find her anywhere.
[1707] Could she have fled bail and left the state—perhaps the country? Given the serious charges against her, this was a distinct possibility. We watched in frustration as the elderly gentleman coldly and efficiently notified John Hume and the police, issuing a warrant for Katherine's arrest, searching all of her usual haunts, deploying undercover detectives to find her, and placing surveillance on train stations. However, all efforts proved futile, and the woman had disappeared.
[1708] "Damn it," John Hume muttered, exhaustedly sitting in his private office, waiting for updates. "We were planning to file charges against her in three weeks, that is, two weeks after next Thursday."
[1709] We all groaned, even with Governor Bruno's decision to postpone the execution of the death penalty, Fanny Katherine would not appear until the day after the execution of Allen Darrow—if she appeared at all.
[1710] The days that followed were agonizing, and a week passed. Friday… We did not give up our search. Mr. Lane was full of energy, coordinating with the police, arranging for local radio stations to broadcast constant appeals and calls for information. Everyone who had any connection with her was under surveillance, and her associates—including women, lawyers, henchmen, and members of the Leeds underworld—were questioned at her headquarters.
[1711] Saturday, Sunday, Monday… On Tuesday, we learned from Father Mueller and the newspapers that Warden Magnus had officially announced the execution time as Tuesday evening at 11:05 p.m.
[1712] Wednesday… Fanny Kittredge remained nowhere to be found, telegrams were sent to all European shipping lines, but no female passenger resembling Kittredge was aboard any ship.
[1713] Wednesday morning… We felt like we were living in a dream, barely able to eat and only speaking in whispers. Father Mueller had not changed his clothes for forty-eight hours, Mr. Reen's cheeks were as pale as a corpse, and his eyes burned with a melancholic fire. Desperate, we attempted to visit Allen Darrow at Aylesbury Prison and Dartmoor, but were denied entry due to strict prison regulations. However, we managed to obtain some information: Darrow was remarkably calm, almost detached, no longer cursing us, and in fact, he seemed to have forgotten our existence. As the execution time drew nearer, he stepped into his cell with a twisted gait, and the horrors he would face became increasingly clear in our minds; however, Father Mueller's eyes welled with tears as he smiled and told us, "He held fast to his faith." Poor Father Mueller! Allen Darrow held not to spiritual faith, but to a more worldly hope. My intuition told me that Mr. Reen somehow conveyed a message to him, telling him that he would not die that night.
[1714] Wednesday, a day of terror and surprise. We hardly touched our breakfast. Father Mueller had left to visit the death row cell in the prison courtyard and then rushed back to his upstairs bedroom to rest. When he reappeared with the prayer book in hand, he seemed much calmer.
[1715] Naturally, we all gathered at Father Mueller's house that day. I dimly remember that Jeremy was also there, his young face hanging with humility, pacing heavily outside the door, chain-smoking. Once I went out to find him, he told me that his father had done a terrible thing, that Warden Elias Clay had invited him to serve as a witness to the execution, and — Jeremy lamented — he had accepted. I couldn't think of what to say… So a day passed, Mr. Reen's face was taut, wrinkles appearing, and he had not slept for two nights, his relentless anguish etched deeply into his face.
[1716] For some reason, the whole thing felt like a family gathering outside the room of a dying patient, with no one saying anything, and if someone spoke, it was in a hushed voice.
[1717] Occasionally, someone would step out onto the porch and silently gaze at the gray prison walls. I wondered why we all seemed to care so much about this poor man's death, who meant nothing to us personally. However, in a certain sense, he captivated us - he may have symbolized some abstract meaning.
[1718] Around 11 am on Wednesday, Mr. Lane received a messenger from the prosecutor's office in Leeds with the final report. All efforts had been in vain, and no trace of Fanny Kaiser or her whereabouts had been found.
[1719] The elderly gentleman straightened his shoulders: "There's only one thing left to do," he said quietly, "remind Bruno to postpone the execution until we find Fanny Kaiser...”
[1720] The doorbell rang, and we immediately sensed that something had happened. Father Mueller rushed to the door, and we heard his choked sobs of joy.
[1721] We stood there dumbfounded, staring at the figure standing by the door to the living room.
[1722] It was Fanny Kather, who seemed to have come back from the dead.
[1723] Chapter 20: Z's Tragedy
[1724] The calm, cigar-smoking, commanding Amazonian warrior who used to face John Hume was nowhere to be seen. Instead, a completely different person stood before us. Her once deep red hair was stained pink and gray; her masculine clothes were dirty and wrinkled, with a few tears in them; the powder on her cheeks and lips had sagged, and her eyes – they shone with raw fear.
[1725] She was a frightened old woman.
[1726] We rushed forward to help her, half-dragging her into the room. Father Moule danced around us, ecstatically, and someone brought a chair for her, after which she let out a hollow and strange groan and sat down. Mr. Reane put away his worried expression and put on his usual composed and well-organized mask, but this time he couldn't hide his eagerness. His fingers trembled slightly, and his temples throbbed.
[1727] "I - left for a while," she croaked, licking her cracked lips, "and then I heard you were looking for me."
[1728] "Ah, you heard!" Father exclaimed, his face turning purple. "Where were you?"
[1729] "Hiding in a small cabin in the Adirondack Mountains," she answered wearily, "I wanted - to escape, you know? All this - this filthy, vulgar mess... was too much for me. To get away... away from civilization. No phone, no mail, nothing, not even a newspaper. But I had a radio..."
[1730] "That's Dr. Fosdick's cabin!" I exclaimed, suddenly remembering, "He must have been there that weekend his brother was murdered."
[1731] "Her heavy eyelids lifted and fell again, her cheeks sagging even more, looking like a sad old seal: "Yeah, that's right. It was his, I mean, the cabin was Eira's. It was... his love nest." She chuckled dryly, "He always took his girlfriends there. The week Joel died, he was with a prostitute..."
[1732] "Those don't matter now," Mr. Reen said calmly, "Mrs. Reen, what brought you back to Riddles?"
[1733] She shrugged: "It's funny, isn't it? I never knew I had it in me, and then I just broke down crying," she sat up straight, defiantly looking at him, "My conscience, that's what brought me back to Riddles!"
[1734] "Really, Miss Kaiser, I'm glad to hear you say that," he pulled a chair over and sat in front of her, we watched silently, "Mr. Allen Darrow was still in custody - just before the trial, wasn't he? - he sent you the last box, the one with the letter Z on top?"
[1735] Her mouth suddenly opened wide, like a doughnut hole, her red eyes glaring malevolently, panting, "Damn it! How did you know?"
[1736] The old gentleman waved impatiently, "It's simple. You visited the governor, asking for the pardon of a man you didn't even know. Why not someone else, but Fanny Katherina who did it? The only possible explanation is that Darrow has something on you, just like Senator Baxter and Doctor Baxter, so it's clear that he sent the last segment of the box to you, with the letter z…"
[1737] "You guessed it." She murmured.
[1738] He patted her plump knee affectionately: "Tell me."
[1739] She remained silent.
[1740] He whispered, "Miss Katherina, you must understand, I already know part of it, the ship…"
[1741] She jumped up in surprise, her thick fingers digging deep into the armrest of the chair, then sinking back: "Well! " she said, a brief, ugly, and somewhat melancholy smile flitting across her face, "whatever you are, sir, since you know it anyway, it's no longer a secret…Did Darrow not tell you?"
[1742] "No."
[1743] "He kept it to himself until his last breath. That poor mutt…" she murmured vaguely, "Well, sir, when you do wrong, you'll get what's coming to you, and the hymns will come true. Sorry, Father…Yes, Darrow had something on me, and I tried to save him to shut him up. When I couldn't save him, I ran, just to get away…"
[1744] The old gentleman's eyes lit up with an odd glow: "Afraid of what he might say, eh?" He said softly, sounding almost harmless.
[1745] She waved her plump arms: "No, not that. I'm not that worried. But first, I'd better tell you what that damn doll means and what Darrow has had on me, Joel, and Ella Fosdick for years."
[1746] It was a remarkable, incredible story. Years ago—twenty, twenty-five, she couldn't say how long—Joel and Ella Fossett were two American con artists traveling the world, making money any way they could, especially by fraud, because it was easy. They were using other names, it didn't matter. Fanny Kather was the daughter of an American dockside crook and thief exiled from Britain, running a small restaurant in Saigon, the capital of the French Indochina, at a time when it was an open and diverse city. The Fossett brothers came there, as she had said, looking for opportunities to "make money," and she met them. She "liked their style, they were two clever little con artists, brave and not too Christian."
[1747] The main customers of her restaurant were sailors, and she mixed with the scum and the decent seamen every day, listening to the secrets of the ships. Men, after all, who were not allowed to drink for weeks at sea, often let things slip once they were ashore. She got a valuable secret from the second mate of a docked cargo ship, who was drunk and leering at her. She flattered him into telling her the news. His ship was carrying an expensive but small cargo of uncut diamonds to Hong Kong.
[1748] "It was easy to arrange," she croaked, as I shivered to see the tired, fat old woman who had once been a pretty girl. "I told the Fossett brothers the secret, and we made a deal. Of course, they couldn't fool Fanny Kather, I didn't trust them, so I left the store unattended. So I went with them, posing as passengers on the ship.”
[1749] It was all so simple, the crew were Chinese and East Indian sailors, poor and foolish, easily frightened. The Fossett brothers stormed the armory, killed the sleeping captain, and the other senior officers, wounded or killed, and shot half the crew, stole the cargo, sank the ship, and escaped with Fanny Kather in a lifeboat. The Fossett brothers were sure that none of the crew survived, and they landed on a barren coast at night, divided the loot, and met again thousands of miles away after months.
[1750] "Who is Arlen Deaux?" Mr. Raine asked quickly.
[1751] She shuddered. "He was the second mate, the one who got drunk and told me the secret. I don't know how he managed to survive, but he did, and he didn't drown. I guess he swam to shore, and he's been holding a grudge against the Fuchs brothers and me ever since."
[1752] "Why didn't he report to a nearby port?" Father grumbled.
[1753] She shrugged. "Maybe he wanted to blackmail us from the start. Anyway, we heard that the ship was listed as 'missing,' although the maritime insurance companies investigated but found nothing. We sold the diamonds to a large collector in Amsterdam, and then the Fuchs brothers and I came to America, and we've been together ever since. I mean, we were one and the same, and I couldn't let them out of my sight. We spent some time in New York City, and then we came up to New York State. These brothers were slippery, especially Ella, who was always the one giving orders — he made Joel study law, and he went on to study medicine, and we all became wealthy..."
[1754] We all fell silent, the tales of piracy, Vietnam, the sunken ship, the diamond heist, the murder of the crew, all the bloody stories seemed too unbelievable to be true, but they were all facts, coming from her mouth... and then I was called back to reality by Mr. Reen's calm voice.
[1755] "Almost complete," he said. "I've learned one thing from some minor details — I've spoken to Deau twice, and only sailors would use that kind of language and speak that way — the sea became an important backdrop. Also, the small box — I'm certain it was a sea chest. Then 'Hijaz,' which could be the name of a racehorse or some new game or an Eastern carpet — I'm guessing wildly — and finally, very simply, the name of the ship. But I've checked old records, and I can't find the name of that ship."
[1756] "No wonder," said Miss Fanny Kather, wearily. "The ship's name was 'Hijaz Star."
[1757] "Ha!" exclaimed Mr. Raine. "I might never have found it, Hijaz Star, and those diamonds, of course, were in the captain's sea chest, and Deo made a new box for you to steal, knowing that the symbolic gesture would immediately frighten you!"
[1758] She nodded, sighed. Now I remembered the old gentleman's actions over the past few weeks, which had all been part of his "ship—ocean—chest" theory… At that moment, the old gentleman stood up and slowly approached Miss Fanny Kather. She slumped wearily in her chair, as if she was worried about what was about to happen. We stood silently, waiting for something to happen. I couldn't see any sign of what was about to happen.
[1759] His nostrils flared slightly. "Miss Kather, you said you fled Ritz last week, not out of concern for your own safety, but because of your conscience. What did you mean by that?"
[1760] The weary old Amazonian warrior waved her deep red, thick fingers in a gesture of despair. "They're going to put Deo on the electric chair, aren't they?"
[1761] She whispered hoarsely.
[1762] "He's been sentenced to death."
[1763] "So," she shouted, "they've wrongly accused an innocent man! Allen Derwood didn't kill the Fuchs brothers!"
[1764] We seemed to be held in place by an invisible thread, involuntarily leaning forward together.
[1765] The old gentleman bent down, his neck bulging with veins: "How do you know that?" he bellowed.
[1766] She suddenly sank into the chair, burying her face in her hands: "Because," she began to sob, "Ella Fosdick told me before she died."
[1767] Chapter XXI: The Final Clue
[1768] "Ah," Mr. Reen said calmly, and I realized – he had somehow understood it all in a way that was beyond me – a miracle had occurred. Then a serene smile spread across his face, the smile of a man who had worked hard and finally succeeded. He said nothing.
[1769] "He told me himself," Fanny Katherine said in a deep, agitated tone, the sobbing ceased, and she stared blankly at the wall, lost in memories. The way she spoke of it made it sound like something from the depths of hell, "I've been in touch with both brothers, privately, you know, we had business dealings… When Joel Fosdick was killed, I went to his house, Hume showed me the letter Joel had written to me before he died, and I knew we were in danger. Ella and I had been watching Carmichael, and when Joel received the first small wooden box, he, Ella, and I – we talked about it, and that was the first time we knew Allen Darrow was still alive. We decided to keep it quiet, Joel – the senator!” She sniffed. "He was a coward, trying to bribe the informer, and Ella and I had to keep an eye on him."
[1770] This woman was lying, her eyes darting about, and I had no doubt that she would do anything, and I had no doubt that she had already decided on the night of Senator Fosdick's murder that if Allen Darrow proved difficult to control, she would kill him. I had no doubt that Senator Fosdick had the same plan in mind.
[1771] "The night Ella Fuscite was murdered," she croaked on, "it was just terrible, I went to his house again. Ella had told me that Darrow had sent the second small box to him, and he had called him that afternoon to arrange to meet that evening. Ella was always brave, but this time he was scared, he had withdrawn the money from the bank the day before, but he hadn't decided whether to pay or not. So - I went there to see how things were going."
[1772] I knew she was lying again, bringing up the money to prove the "intention to pay," but Ella Fuscite and Fanny Katherine had actually planned to kill Allen Darrow that night.
[1773] Her eyes blazed: "I went to his house, and found Ella lying dead as a mackerel, on the floor of his office, with a knife in his chest."
[1774] The old gentleman suddenly looked concerned: "But you just said -"
[1775] "I know what I just said," she muttered, "I thought he was dead, and I didn't want to think so. It was terrible - like hell itself.” She shuddered, her massive frame shaking like the waves, "I turned to run, and then - I saw his fingers moving from the corner of my eye. So I turned back and knelt by his side, saying, 'Ella, Ella, was it Darrow who killed you?' His mouth opened, and I heard a gurgling sound coming from his throat, barely audible: 'No, no, not Darrow, not Darrow. It was -'” She paused, clenching her fists, "Then he convulsed twice and died."
[1776] "Damn it!" the father muttered. "I've seen this happen too many times before, just when they're about to say who killed them. Do you remember what he said –"
[1777] "He died, I tell you. Then I ran out of that damn house and got away as fast as I could." She stopped and spoke again. "I'm in a tough spot. If I tell this story, Hume will try to pin the murder on me… so I had to run. But these days up in the mountains, I know Deo is innocent, and I can't, I can't let him – I dare say, there's a devil using this informer to 'use' him!" Her voice rose, almost a shriek.
[1778] Father Muller stepped forward, his pale hand gripping her meaty one.
[1779] "Fanny Kester," he said gently, "you've been a sinner in your life, but today you've turned to God and done good, saving an innocent man from death. May God bless you." His tired eyes shone behind thick glasses, and he turned to Philip Rinehart, "Let's go to the prison right away. We can't waste any more time."
[1780] "Wait a minute, Father," the old gentleman smiled. "There are still several hours left." His voice was calm and composed, and then he bit his lower lip. "There is one problem, however, quite a difficult one…"
[1781] His expression shocked me, Fanny Katherine's story clearly gave him a crucial final clue, but what was it? From her story, I couldn't see any key to solving the case, of course, except that so far, it could prove Doroty's innocence. However, his expression changed…
[1782] He said calmly, "Miss Katherine, you just told us the answer to the case. An hour ago, I knew there were three possible suspects, now, your story has eliminated two of them." He straightened his shoulders, "Excuse me, I have to go do something important."
[1783] Chapter Twenty-Two: The Final Action
[1784] Mr. Reen gestured to me, "Percy, can you help me a big favor?" I rushed over to him, my breath becoming heavy, "Please call Governor Bruno for me, my disability—" He smiled and touched his ear, of course, he was completely deaf and could only communicate with the world through lip reading.
[1785] I dialed a long-distance call to the governor's mansion in Albany, my heart racing with anticipation.
[1786] The old gentleman looked thoughtful, "Miss Kather, did you touch the doctor's wrist when you saw the body in his office?"
[1787] "No."
[1788] "Did you notice the blood spots on his wrist, either before or after Dr. Fuchs's death?"
[1789] "Yes."
[1790] "Did you touch him at all, either before or after Dr. Fuchs's death?"
[1791] "By God, no!"
[1792] He nodded and smiled as the operator connected the call: "Bruno Governor?" I asked, taking a deep breath of relief, and was forced to wait for half a dozen secretaries to repeat my name before - "I am Percy Sam, speaking for Mr. Philo Vance. Please wait a moment... Mr. Vance, what do you want to tell the governor?"
[1793] "Tell him the case is solved, and he must come to Rizzoli immediately. Tell him we have found a completely new, flawless evidence that proves Allen Dare completely innocent."
[1794] I conveyed his meaning - Percy Sam, the spokesman for the big man - and then heard a gasping sound on the other end of the line. I guess not everyone can hear the governor gasping over the phone: "I'm coming! Where are you?"
[1795] "At Father Mool's house, Governor Bruno, just outside the walls of the Agraon prison."
[1796] When I hung up the phone, I saw Mr. Lean slump into a chair: "Percy, good girl, take care of Miss Kather for a while. Father, you don't mind, do you?" Then he closed his eyes and smiled peacefully, "Now what we need to do is—wait."
[1797] So we waited, for eight hours.
[1798] At nine o'clock, with two hours until the execution, a black limousine pulled up to Father Mulrooney's house, accompanied by four motorcycle state troopers. Governor Bruno got out, looking tired and anxious, and hurried up the steps. We all waited on the porch, with only two dim bulbs for light.
[1799] Father Mulrooney had been instructed by Mr. Lean to leave hours earlier, after being warned not to reveal any details of the plan.
[1800] Of course, he had to go to the death row, and from the conversation between the two old men before Father Mulrooney left, I guessed he would tell Allen Darrow to hold on to hope.
[1801] After washing, resting, and eating, Fanny Katherina sat quietly on the porch, a lonely old woman with red eyes and anxiety. We witnessed this historic gathering with mixed feelings. Governor Bruno's tense, straightforward, and restless posture was like that of a small horse, while Fanny Katherina appeared frightened and submissive, with Mr. Rene quietly watching.
[1802] We listened to their conversation, with Katherina repeating her story and Governor Bruno repeatedly asking about what Dr. Fuchs said before his death, but her account remained the same.
[1803] After the conversation ended, Governor Bruno wiped the sweat from his forehead and sat down: "Well, Mr. Rene, you've come again, the modern Merlin has created another miracle... Let's hurry to the prison and stop this terrible thing from happening."
[1804] "Oh, no," the old gentleman said mildly, "no, Bruno! This case must be dealt with using unexpected psychology to break through the killer's defenses, because you know, I don't have any actual evidence."
[1805] "So you know who killed the two brothers?" Governor Bruno asked slowly.
[1806] "Yes," the old gentleman apologized to us and stepped aside with Bruno to the corner of the veranda, talking for a while. Bruno nodded throughout the conversation, and when they rejoined us, both looked solemn.
[1807] "Miss Katherine," the governor said cheerfully, "please stay here, and my state troopers will protect you. Chief, Samantha, I assume you'd like to join our mission. Mr. Lane and I have agreed to undertake an action. This plan is quite risky, but it's necessary. Now - let's wait."
[1808] So we waited again.
[1809] With half an hour to go until eleven o'clock, we quietly left Father Mueller's house, leaving four tall young men in uniform behind, surrounding the weary and tired Fanny Katherine.
[1810] Our quiet group marched towards the gates of the Acoma prison, surrounded by darkness, with only the lights inside the prison shining like the eyes of a monster into the night sky.
[1811] The next thirty terrifying minutes I will never forget. I had no idea what Governor Rain and Mr. Rain had planned, but I was filled with fear that something would go wrong. However, as we walked through the archway and into the courtyard, everything seemed to go smoothly.
[1812] The governor himself put the guards on edge, his authority being undeniable, and we were immediately granted entry. We arrived at the courtyard outside the death chamber, where we could see the light from the death cell and feel the hurried preparations within the gray concrete walls. There was no sound in the four rooms, and the guards were all tense and uneasy in their movements.
[1813] The governor strictly ordered the guards to stay with us and not to tell any other prison staff about our presence. Everyone complied, although I caught a few curious glances... So we stood quietly in the dark corner of the well-lit courtyard, waiting.
[1814] The minute hand on my watch slowly crawled forward, and my father murmured to himself under his breath.
[1815] From Mr. Rain's tense expression, I understood that the most critical part of the plan was to wait until the last minute before the execution began. Of course, with the governor's presence, the danger to Deroda had been greatly reduced, but I still couldn't shake off my unease. As time passed, I grew increasingly intolerant, wanting to scream and protest, running madly through the courtyard and bursting into the imposing building in front of us...
[1816] With one minute left until eleven, the governor tensed up and shouted something to the guards before sprinting ahead of us, dashing through the courtyard, and arriving at the House of Death. We burst into the death row area of the death cell at exactly eleven o'clock. Fate was as cold as ice, as Bruno the governor brushed aside two guards, opened the door to the death chamber, and it was eleven minutes past the hour.
[1817] I will never forget the sight of the terrified faces inside the death chamber when we burst in. We seemed like a bunch of savages desecrating a modern Vesta temple or a group of Philistines trampling on a saint's altar. The scene – my memory is a series of fragmented images, each moment like a lifetime condensed into eternity. Every facial expression, every hand movement, or even a simple nod, remained frozen in time and space.
[1818] I was so overcome with emotion that I forgot that this sight was unprecedented in the history of executions. We had created the most dramatic moment in criminal history.
[1819] I looked at everyone and everything. Alan Deroulede, the poor wretch, sat on the electric chair with his eyes closed. One guard was tying his feet, another his torso, a third his arms, and a fourth paused in tying the blindfold over Alan's eyes. All four stopped their work, their mouths agape in astonishment. Magnum, the warden, stood a few feet away from the electric chair, holding a watch and standing motionless. Three other guards stood next to Father Mueller, who was on the verge of fainting and leaning on one of them. There were three officials from the court, and twelve witnesses. Among them, I noticed the pale face of Elijah Clay, whom Jeremy had mentioned earlier. There were two prison doctors, and the executioner stood in the small room, his left hand busy with some machinery...
[1820] The governor barked, "Warden, stop the execution!"
[1821] Allen Darrow opened his eyes, almost slightly surprised. The expression that disappeared from his face was like a signal, a spark of life reigniting the stage's motionless actors. The four guards surrounding the electric chair looked at each other in confusion, turning their heads to look at the warden. The warden blinked, staring blankly at his watch. Father Mueller silently murmured, his pale cheeks flushing with blood. Others opened their mouths and stared at each other, their voices buzzing, then suddenly silenced. Magnum, the warden, stepped forward: "But..."
[1822] Philo Vance quickly said, "Warden, Allen Darrow is innocent. We have obtained new evidence that can completely exonerate him of the murder charges for which he was convicted. Governor..."
[1823] Then something happened that, to the best of my knowledge, was unprecedented in any legal tragedy. Usually, when the execution chamber receives an order from the administrative authorities to suspend the execution, the condemned prisoner is immediately returned to his cell, and the witnesses and other attendees are immediately dispersed, and that's the end of it. But this time it was very special, and I now realize that the exposure must have taken place in the execution chamber. But what the governor and Mr. Rayne were trying to achieve through this melodramatic plot...
[1824] I think everyone was too scared to protest, and if any officials present questioned the appropriateness of this process, Governor Bruno's imposing jaw would have silenced them... When the old gentleman quietly walked over to the side of the electric chair, standing next to the little old man who had just been saved from death, everyone forgot everything. He spoke, and the whole room fell into a church-like silence.
[1825] In a concise, swift manner, and with a clarity of explanation that far exceeded my abilities, Philo Vance began by explaining the original reasoning of the murder of Senator Baskerville, stating that the left-handed Allen Darrow could not have been the perpetrator, and that the real killer was a right-handed person.
[1826] "Therefore," the old gentleman said with a voice filled with emotion and personal trembling, "we can reasonably assume that the killer who should have used his right hand deliberately used his left hand so that the investigators would think that Alan Dare was the killer. In other words, the killer wanted to use a crime that Alan Dare did not commit to 'frame' Alan Dare."
[1827] "Now, please pay attention," the old gentleman continued smoothly, "in order to frame Alan Dare, the killer must know what characteristics of Alan Dare? From the facts, there are three things: first, he must know that after serving his sentence in Apgun Prison, Alan Dare's right hand became paralyzed and now can only use his left hand. Second, he knows that on the night of the murder, Alan Dare indeed planned to visit Senator Baskerville; therefore, he also knows that Alan Dare will be formally released that day. Third, he knows that Alan Dare has a hypothetical motive to murder Senator Baskerville."
[1828] "Now let's discuss them one by one," the old gentleman continued smoothly, "who might know that Alan Dare's right hand became paralyzed in Apgun Prison? Warden Magnus told us that during the twelve years of his imprisonment, Alan Dare had never received any letters or visitors. Moreover, he had never sent any letters through regular channels. As for the illegal letter-carrying channel of the prison library assistant Taber, Alan Dare had only used it once: to send a blackmail letter to Senator Baskerville, and we know that the contents of the letter did not mention his arm. Furthermore, Alan Dare's right arm was paralyzed ten years ago, and until he was formally released, he had never left the prison walls. He had no family or friends. Indeed, there was one person from the outside who had visited Alan Dare during this period, Senator Baskerville himself, who had visited the prison's carpentry department - that opportunity allowed Alan Dare to recognize the senator. But based on the testimony, we also have reason to believe that the senator did not recognize Alan Dare, and since he did not notice Alan Dare in the presence of a crowd of prisoners, it is unlikely that he would remember that Alan Dare had a problem with his right arm. So we can rule out this possibility."
[1829] In the strong light, the death chamber was silent. So far, everything he had said I already knew, perhaps not as clearly, but I had already deduced the general direction. And I also understood that there would be what kind of conclusion. Everyone else stood still, their feet seemingly rooted to the floor beneath them.
[1830] "There is another possible explanation,"
[1831] "One of the two explanations is correct; which one is it? I will explain that the person who framed O' is directly related to Alcatraz, and this theory is more compelling and the correct answer."
[1832] "Following the assassination of Senator Bostwick, there were five sealed envelopes on his desk, one of which provided a significant clue, which I would not have known without Miss Percy Sampson, who reported the first murder to me with her remarkable photographic memory. The envelope had the impression of a backstitch needle - no, let me be more precise, not one, but 'two'. There were two clear impressions on the front of the envelope, one on the left and the other on the right. However, when the prosecutor opened the envelope, there was only 'one' backstitch pin inside! How could a backstitch needle leave two symmetrical impressions on the same front of an envelope?"
[1833] Someone took a deep breath, and the elderly gentleman leaned forward, obscuring Allen's Doe's still figure on the electric chair: "Let me tell you what happened. Senator Carlyle's secretary, Mr. McMichael, had seen his employer hurriedly insert the attachment into the envelope and then just as hurriedly seal it. Then, according to normal reasoning, Senator Carlyle would have left a backstamp mark on the envelope when he pressed it down, but we found two marks in different places. There can only be one explanation for this." He paused for a moment, "Someone opened the envelope, took out the attachment, and then, in the process of putting it back, accidentally flipped it over, making the attachment's position opposite to the original. Then, the envelope was sealed again, and when it was pressed down, the backstamp mark appeared on the other side of the envelope, because the position of the backstamp was completely different from the original."
[1834] "So, who will open that envelope?" the elderly gentleman continued, enunciating clearly, "As far as we know, there are only two possible candidates: one is the Senator himself; the other is the visitor who was seen entering and leaving the house alone during the time of the murder – as we have already established, this visitor is undoubtedly the perpetrator, and he also burned a letter, leaving behind the ashes we later found in the fireplace."
[1835] "Is it possible that the senator opened the envelope himself after Mr. Cummings left and before the visitor arrived? I admit, it's theoretically possible, but we must also follow general probability analysis. I ask you: why would he re-open his own letter? To correct errors? But there were no corrections made; all the contents of the letter were identical to the copy. To read through what he dictated and typed again? Nonsense! He had a copy right there on his desk to read."
[1836] "Putting that aside, if Senator Weston really wanted to open the envelope, he would have simply torn it open and replaced it with a new one, especially since he told Mr. Camichael that the letters would be mailed the next morning. However, the envelope has not been replaced, and there are two backstitch needle impressions on it. If it was a new envelope, there would only be one impression, so the envelope was not only opened but was the original one that was already sealed. How could that be? There was a warm electric coffee pot beside the desk, and it was still warm after the murder, so it is very clear (without any other evidence to explain how the envelope was opened) that the letter was softened with steam before it was opened. Ah, now we have reached the core of the problem!"
[1837] All the people in the room nodded repeatedly, obviously captivated by the old gentleman's reasoning, and he smiled and continued.
[1838] "If Senator Weston did not open the envelope, then it must have been opened by his visitor, who was the only person who entered and left the house during the murder."
[1839] "So, what was it on the envelope that attracted the visitor's attention - as I have already said, the visitor was the murderer - and drove him to violate all the principles of caution and open the envelope at the murder scene? The envelope was addressed to the warden of Acoma Prison and contained a 'case file on the promotion of Acoma'."
[1840] I glanced at Elijah Clay, whose face turned pale, and he was touching his chin with trembling fingers.
[1841] "Based on the two possibilities we have already deduced, you should remember: the first more likely hypothesis is that the murderer has a direct connection with the prison; the second less likely hypothesis is that the murderer has no connection with the prison. But he has a co-conspirator in the prison who can provide him with all the information he needs. Now, assuming the second possibility, that the murderer has no connection with the prison, but there is a snitch in the prison who informs him, what interest would prompt him to open a letter about the 'promotion proposal' for Aylesbury Prison? If he is not a person in the prison, he would not have any interest in it himself. Perhaps you will ask, what about the person who informs him in the prison? But why should the murderer care? If his co-conspirator's promotion does not affect the murderer himself; if his co-conspirator does not get promoted, the murderer is not harmed. So we can say that this hypothetical person outside the prison would not open the envelope at all.”
[1842] "Ah, but the murderer did open the envelope! Therefore, our more likely hypothesis must hold - generally speaking, a person who would be interested in the 'promotion proposal' for Aylesbury Prison and investigate its contents, I dare say, must have a direct connection with the prison.” He paused, his face shrouded in shadow, "In fact, when I tell you who the murderer is, you will find some reasons that are even more interesting than those I have just pointed out. Anyway, now, I should say, in general terms, that the murderer is a person in the prison.”
[1843] "From the facts of the first murder, we can deduce another inference, which I learned from Magnum Warden: the prison's routine schedule is very strict, for example, the guard's shifts are fixed and never changed. We have proven that the murderer is a person in Aylesbury Prison, when did he commit the murder of Senator Fairfax? At night. Therefore, whether he holds any position in the prison, he is obviously not a night-shift worker, otherwise he could not leave the prison to commit the murder at Senator Fairfax's house at night. So he is either a day-shift worker or a worker with no specific working hours. These are the basic elements, and when I deduce other developments, please remember these elements.”
[1844] As time passed, his voice grew sharper, and his face was etched with cold lines, and his gaze swept the room. I saw several witnesses sitting on hard benches, shivering slightly. The loud, echoing voice, the bright, dazzling light, the electric chair, and the motionless prisoner on it, the uniformed guards… I could not blame them for feeling uneasy, for I myself was shivering with my hair standing on end…
[1845] "Now," the old gentleman spoke clearly and briskly, "talking about the second
[1846] "So, what have we obtained? We have confirmed the previous conclusion - that the killer is someone from the prison - is correct. The intercepted note is a very strong circumstantial evidence that proves this was done by someone 'from the prison', who knows the secret communication system within the prison, intercepts Fuchs' note, and then replaces it with a forged note of his own."
[1847] "But, ladies and gentlemen, now we face the most crucial key to solving this case: why did the killer change the time of Deodato's escape from Tuesday to Wednesday? Because the killer planned to frame Deodato for the murder of Dr. Ella Fosdick, and since Deodato was innocent in the murder of Dr. Ella Fosdick, the real killer must - remember this - have had the time to kill Fosdick on the night Deodato escaped! If the killer changed the escape time from Tuesday to Wednesday, it means he couldn't kill Dr. Fosdick on Tuesday, but he could on Wednesday!" Jules Renet's thin face tightened, his fingers tapping, "Ha, you'll ask, why didn't he have time? From the first murder we learned, he wasn't a night worker, so 'any' night he had time to commit the crime, except Tuesday night. The only possible answer is, "he straightened up, pausing for a moment, "some unusual work in the prison, on Tuesday night, prevented the killer from being free!" But on the Tuesday night before Dr. Fosdick's murder, what unusual work was there in the prison that made someone who usually had free time on the night shift unavailable? I tell you, this case is about the heart and brain, and the conclusion is as eternal as natural law. On that Tuesday night, in this terrible death chamber, an execution by electrocution was held, and the name of the condemned was Scacchi. I will also tell you, the conclusion is as unbreakable as the Last Judgment: the killer of the Fosdick brothers must have been someone who attended Scacchi's electrocution!"
[1848] The room was as quiet as a vacuum, I dared not breathe, I dared not turn my head, I dared not move my eyes. No one dared to stir. Under the intense gaze of the elderly gentleman, we must have all looked like wax figures, standing by the electric chair, pouring out one word after another, detailing the plot of the crime and the inevitable tragedy.
[1849] "Let me enumerate," he finally spoke, his voice devoid of emotion, as cold as stalactites, "the necessary qualifications of this murderer—from the facts of the two murders, the limitations the murderer has drawn, are clear as if the murderer himself had engraved them on the bedrock of time."
[1850] "First, the killer is right-handed.
[1851] "Second, he is related to the Apgun Prison."
[1852] "Third, he is not a night duty officer."
[1853] "Fourth, he attended Scarcy's electrocution."
[1854] The room fell silent again, this time the silence seemed to vibrate like a tangible object that could be felt.
[1855] The old gentleman smiled and suddenly continued, "Everyone, I know you are shocked, especially because the people who attended Scarcy's electrocution and were related to Apgun Prison are here again in this special room! Because I learned from Director Magnum that the personnel who executed electrocution in Apgun Prison have never changed."
[1856] One of the guards let out a faint, hollow scream, and everyone turned to look at him before returning their gaze to Jules Renard.
[1857] "So," the old gentleman continued slowly, "let's eliminate the possible suspects one by one. Who attended Scarsdale's execution? Remember, the killer must meet the four qualifications I listed earlier. ... The 'twelve adult, respectable citizens' required by law for the death penalty, " he said to the stiff figures on the benches, "you have nothing to fear. According to the definition, you are all civilians and do not meet the second qualification. You must be eliminated from the list of possible suspects."
[1858] The person sitting in the second row of the bench sighed deeply, and several others carefully took out handkerchiefs to wipe the sweat from their foreheads.
[1859] "The three court officers required by law to oversee the execution can also be ruled out for the same reason."
[1860] The three of them shifted uneasily.
[1861] "The seven prison guards," Mr. Fogg continued in a dreamlike tone, "if I understood the warden correctly, I can assume that the same seven were present at Schussler's execution," he paused, "out! You are all night shift personnel - because you were on duty during the execution, which is fixed night duty - this clearly contradicts the third qualification. Therefore, you are not the murderer.
[1862] One guard muttered something in terror, and the tension in the room grew unbearable, with emotions on the verge of erupting. I glanced at my father, whose neck was turning red and seemed about to have a stroke. The governor stood still as a statue. Father Muller's eyes were blank. The warden was silent.
[1863] "The executioner," the calm and resolute voice continued to rise, "out! I saw him at Schussler's execution - fortunately, I attended that execution - he pressed the switch with his left hand twice, but according to the first qualification, the murderer is a right-hander."
[1864] I closed my eyes, and the pounding of my heart echoed in my ears. The old gentleman's voice fell silent, then suddenly resumed, filling the execution chamber with its echo.
[1865] "The two doctors required by law to attend the execution to confirm the death of the convict," he said to the two motionless doctors carrying black briefcases, "I couldn't exclude you earlier, but today Fanny Katherine provided a clue that allows me to eliminate you. Please allow me to explain."
[1866] "The murderer who pinned the blame for the murder of Dr. Fosdick on Dr. Deardorff knew that after he escaped, Dr. Deardorff would go to the doctor's office. So he had to be absolutely sure that the victim was dead, couldn't talk, and couldn't tell Dr. Deardorff or any unexpected visitor the name of the real murderer. In the case of Senator Fosdick's murder, the same principle applied. The killer stabbed him twice, the first time fatally, but he stabbed him again for good measure."
[1867] "We found three fingerprints of blood on Dr. Fosdick's wrist, of course, and the killer must have felt for the pulse. Why? Obviously, he wanted to make sure the victim was dead. But note this significant fact! His voice boomed like a thunderclap, "The killer checked the pulse of the victim, but he left the scene before the victim was dead. Fanny Kuster arrived later and found Dr. Fosdick still alive and able to prove Dr. Deardorff's innocence, although he didn't have time to name the real murderer before he died… You would ask, how does this rule out the two doctors who were present at the Scarcy electrocution and are here tonight? The answer is this."
[1868] "Let's assume that one of the doctors is the murderer, and the murder took place in 'the doctor's office.' A few feet away on the desk is the victim's medical kit—with various medical instruments, for example, a stethoscope. Yes, even a doctor, relying solely on a pulse, might fail to detect the most minute signs of life in a dying patient; but a doctor in a doctor's office, with all the necessary tools at hand, has to be sure the victim is dead. I would say, with the aid of a stethoscope, a doctor could easily determine whether the victim was dead or not…"
[1869] "Therefore, we can say that since a doctor has all the tools necessary to determine the victim's death, he would not leave the scene with the victim still alive. He would check the victim's pulse and stab him again to eliminate all signs of life. But the killer didn't do that, so the killer is not a doctor, and these two prison doctors can be eliminated."
[1870] I was so tense I wanted to scream, my father's knuckles were white with strain, and everyone else looked pale as death masks.
[1871] "As for Father Mulligan," Philo Vance's voice deepened, "the killer of the Fulton brothers is the same person, but Dr. Fulton was killed around 11 o'clock. From 10 o'clock, Father Mulligan was with me on his porch, and it was impossible for him to carry out this murder. Therefore, he could not have killed Senator Fulton."
[1872] The pale faces in front of me were covered with a flickering red shadow, and I heard a voice that shook my soul say, "There are twenty-seven people in this room, and only one of them is the killer of the Fulton brothers. We have eliminated twenty-six, and now there is only one left, he ... grab him, don't let him escape! Sam, don't let him shoot!"
[1873] The room erupted in screams, shouts, screams, and struggles. The person at the center of the storm was now being held tightly by my father's iron hands. The face twisted into a purple hue, with eyes burning with madness, was that of Warden Magnus.
[1874] Chapter 23: Last Words
[1875] Looking back at the content of this book, I wonder if I will reveal that the killer of Senator Fulton and Dr. Fulton is someone other than Warden Magnus. Although it is difficult to determine, I think it is unlikely.
[1876] For me, in many places, the astounding truth is almost self-evident. I have studied many techniques of writing detective stories, whether based on fact or fiction, and perhaps in this book, you can find Philo Vance – and subtly my own views – deducing the answer from every point, in different ways. As we pursue the killer, this is just a process of cross-checking; and even more so, while reading, this is a process of cross-checking the solution. … To allow the reader to make the most appropriate judgment, I have made every effort to re-present the entire process of solving the case. I cannot adopt the analysis framework of the old gentleman, and we know nothing about his meticulous thinking. We simply do not have his insight and sensitivity to apply it.
[1877] I know, there are still some things that haven't been explained yet, and for the sake of the story's completeness, they must be addressed. Although we later found out that these things were not important to the case, such as the motive of Magus Warden for committing the crime – some people would say that he was the least likely to be tempted to commit such a bloodbath. However, someone told me that according to the records, there is a former warden who is now serving a sentence in the prison, and given his experience in enforcing the law, it is hard to believe that he would commit such a crime.
[1878] Magnus later confessed in his confession that he was motivated by money. After a long and blameless life, he seemed to have some savings, but lost them all in the stock market. He looked back on his life and found himself penniless, and then Senator Bessett came knocking, showing an unusual interest in Deo and even mentioning blackmail. On the day Deo was officially released from prison, just as Magnus had said, Senator Bessett called him, saying that he had decided to pay Deo the $50,000. Poor Magnus! He was in dire need of money, and temptation overcame everything. That evening, he went to Senator Bessett's house, not entirely thinking about it, not knowing that Deo held something over the Bessett brothers.
[1879] However, when faced with the senator, perhaps seeing the money, he blindly and quickly made up his mind to commit murder. He planned to kill the senator, steal the money, and frame Deo. So he picked up the paper knife on the desk and committed an incredible crime. Then, when he checked the scene, he found that the topmost letter in the stack of letters was a letter to his brother, Dr. Fuchs, which gave him an idea. So Dr. Fuchs was also involved! The letter mentioned the ship, the Hijaz Star, and this served as the starting point for him to easily uncover the relationship between Deo and the Fuchs brothers and the entire truth of the story. He burned the letter to prevent it from falling into the hands of the police. If the truth came out, he could not blackmail Dr. Fuchs, but if only he and Deo knew about it, Deo would be sentenced to death for murdering the senator, and Magnus could then blackmail Dr. Fuchs at will.
[1880] This plan seems flawless, but Allen Darrow is not executed for the murder of Senator Fulton, but instead receives a life sentence. From Magnus' perspective, this seems like a good opportunity to use the man again. He waits, and in a chance encounter, he learns that the cunning Taber runs an underground network, smuggling documents in and out of the prison undetected. Magnus remains calm, waiting for the opportunity to arise. The chance comes when he examines the documents hidden in Father Mueller's prayer book, intercepting a note from Dr. Fulton to Darrow one day, reading it behind Taber's back, and learning of Darrow's escape plan and discovering a golden opportunity. However, the escape plan is set for Tuesday, while on Tuesday Magnus must oversee Scarcy's execution, so he forges a note from Darrow, changing the escape date to Wednesday - a day when Magnus will be free. On the back of the note he intercepted from Dr. Fulton, he forges Darrow's handwriting in bold print, secretly giving the note to Dr. Fulton to explain that Darrow will not escape on Tuesday. As with all criminal events, he becomes increasingly entangled, willing to do anything to achieve his goal. When he sends out that note, it appears safe on the surface, but it ultimately exposes him.
[1881] There are a few more small matters. I recall the following day we were sitting on Father Mowell's veranda, and Elijah Clary asked why the Warden of Magus had torn open the letter addressed to him from Senator Fosdick's desk, marked "Agnus promotion case."
[1882] The elderly gentleman sighed, "This question is quite interesting. Do you remember, in my analysis last night, I proposed an inciting explanation? I think I know why Magnus opened that letter. In my original analysis, anyone in the prison could have opened the letter, anyone could have, except the warden, because the letter was addressed to him, and 'The Agnew Promotion Case' would not affect his position. Therefore, when my later analysis inevitably pointed to Magnus, I asked myself, why did he open that letter? Because he thought the content of the letter was different from the hint on the envelope! The Senator had hinted to Magnus during his visit to the prison that Deere had something on him, and Magnus thought that the content of the letter might refer to that visit, and if the letter fell into the hands of the police, it would implicate Magnus. Of course, this self-assumed cautious idea was wrong, as he was in an unusually emotional state and could not think clearly. In any case, the general rule could not explain the real reason."
[1883] "So," the father asked, "who sent the second segment of the small box to Ella Forte and the third segment to Fanny Kather? It's impossible for D'Oyly to do it. This part confuses me."
[1884] "I can't figure it out either," I muttered.
[1885] "I think I know who the anonymous helper is," Philo Vance smiled, "it's our friend Mark Corry, the lawyer. I'm not entirely sure, but while Deaver was waiting for his verdict, he must have asked Corry to send out the remaining two crates at some point. I suppose Deaver had the boxes and the letter hidden in a regular parcel for mailing. I don't think Corry is too bound by social norms, so he might have discovered the blackmail and decided to make a little money from it. But don't say it was me who said it."
[1886] "Until we prove Derouche innocent," Father Mulvey asked timidly, "isn't it dangerous to put Derouche on the edge of death?"
[1887] The old gentleman's smile faded: "It's necessary. Father, please remember, I have no evidence that can bring Magnus to justice in court. We must make him enter an abnormal state of emotional excitement, I arranged the timing of the analysis, precisely grasped the tense atmosphere on the scene, and witnessed the result. When he faced an accusation with no evidence - as I predicted, he was stupid and blindly - he tried to escape! Poor guy. " He paused for a moment, "He confessed later. If we had taken a conventional approach, Magnus would have had time to protect himself, think things through, and cleverly deny all the accusations. Without evidence, it would be difficult to convict him, even if it were possible."
[1888] Later, John Hume was elected as the state senator of Tyrell County. Elyot Clay's marble company business declined slightly, but at least it was cleaner than before. Fanny Kather was sentenced to serve a long term in federal prison...
[1889] I haven't mentioned what happened to Allen Derouche, the protagonist of all this commotion, and also the victim of a mad killer's conspiracy. It seems intentional, I guess, that I have been reluctant to mention the poor Derouche. I think - oh, it's his last fate. Destiny has determined that, whether he is innocent in these murder cases or not, he is a useless person to society.
[1890] Anyway, when Mr. Vance announced his conclusion and Magnus, the warden, was captured, the old gentleman turned happily to the poor wretch sitting on the electric chair. However, when he tried to take Derouche away from the nightmare seat of the legal punishment, we saw him still sitting very quietly, even with a smile on his face.
[1891] Derwood died, and the doctor said it was from heart failure. I was frightened for several weeks, wondering if he had died from excitement. I'll never know. Although he was listed on the case sheet of Apgan Prison as having a very weak heart since twelve years ago when he was first incarcerated.
[1892] There's one more thing.
[1893] The day after Mr. Reen supplemented our explanation, young Jeremy took my arm and led me out for a walk. I must say, he planned it very well. The events of the night before had left me a little mentally exhausted, and in that situation, I was extremely lacking in self-control.
[1894] Nevertheless, Jeremy carefully held my hand. Then, I simplified this long story as best I could, and he asked me in a confused tenor if I would like to become Mrs. Jeremy Clay.
[1895] What a good boy! I looked at his curls and broad shoulders and thought, it's so sweet and satisfying to know that someone cares about you and wants to marry you. His tall and healthy young figure, despite his praise of the merits of vegetarianism, didn't matter, because even the clever Shaw could do so - although occasionally I like to taste the flavor of smoked steak myself...
[1896] I pondered the excuses. It was not that I did not love Jeremy, and from the standpoint of the novel, to have the hero and heroine, at the end of the story, embracing each other in the sunset view, and saying, "Oh, dear Jeremy--I do, I do!" -- that could not have been more beautiful.
[1897] And yet I took his hand in mine, and stood on tiptoe to kiss the indentation in the centre of his chin, and said, "Oh, dear Jeremy-no."
[1898] I said it very sweetly; he was so good that one could not bear to hurt him. Yet Patience Sam was not fit for marriage, and I was a forward-looking young girl, and I could vaguely foresee that in a few years' time I would be standing at the right hand of that marvellous old man in a well-dressed shirt and big shoes, and he would direct my path-Hallelujah-! -I'll be his female partner, and we'll join forces to answer everyone's criminal mysteries. ...... So silly, isn't it?
[1899] And, say really, if it weren't for father-he's a dear old dad, but just a little less cerebral-I'd change my name to something uniquely unassuming, like Zeria Raine or something. That name sounds so much more cerebral.
