[1] (Content)
[2] Pū Shēngrěn was completely defenseless when he was arrested.
[3] The police who arrived at the scene immediately after receiving Tōguchi's report were puzzled by the silent, smiling Pū Shēngrěn. Upon seeing the gruesome sight of the body lying next to him, everyone present would realize that it was too difficult to associate Pū Shēngrěn with the image of a serial killer in their minds.
[4] With his hands cuffed, Pū Shēngrěn was escorted out of the house by several policemen. As he stopped to look back at the house, Yasuko, who had been crying and looking lost, seemed to notice that he wanted to say something to her. Her vacant eyes glimmered with a hint of light, and she stared intently at him.
[5] However, Pū Shēngrěn's gaze was not on Yasuko but on the corpse, the one that had just been taken away by his hands. The policeman holding his arm seemed to notice something, and unconsciously turned around to look back.
[6] "…Is it really you who killed him?"
[7] It was a question that police officers should not ask. As soon as the question was asked, he did not expect to get a true answer, but still unconsciously asked in a low voice. The other police officers who were busy with their work also stopped and waited silently for Pū Shēngrěn's response.
[8] Pū Shēngrěn looked surprised at the questioning police officer and nodded immediately.
[9] "Hmm? Ah, yes. It was me who killed him."
[10] Without any regret, nor self-satisfaction, Pū Shēngrěn answered the question very naturally.
[11] Takiyama had intended to remind Burgen Nen that he should be careful with his words in front of so many witnesses, but in the light of the recent events, he did not have the heart to do so. Takiyama and the other police officers were different; they had witnessed the shocking crime that had just taken place.
[12] Takiyama closed his eyes involuntarily.
[13] Burgen Nen cooperated fully with the police in the police station, answering every question they asked. He detailed the six murder cases and one attempted murder case, and even added at the end that he would accept a state-appointed defense lawyer (Note: In Japan, when the defendant does not have the financial means to appoint a defender, the State pays for the defendant's defence at the expense of the State, which is called a nationally elected defender. Since there is no pressure from the employer in terms of performance or requirements, and the remuneration is less than that of a privately hired advocate, the state-appointed advocate is often regarded as "a job that requires no effort" or "a job that only lawyers who can't earn enough money are interested in", and therefore is not trusted by the defendant. Not trusted by the defence ) to defend him in court. The key point in this case was the mental state examination, but out of the five doctors selected by both the prosecution and the defense, four of them unanimously concluded that Burgen Nen had "criminal responsibility." The only doctor appointed by Yaeko was the only one who pointed out that Burgen Nen had "antisocial personality disorder caused by sexual inferiority complex, requiring treatment." However, Burgen Nen burst out laughing. He wrote a note to Yaeko, saying, "Please ask that idiot doctor to shut up."
[14] Although he did not appeal the death sentence, the execution order signed by the Minister of Justice has not been issued yet -
[15] Chapter 01
[16] February
[17] Yoko began to suspect that her son might be the criminal when it was still a few weeks before spring.
[18] This winter was particularly cold, and Yoko felt so every day. Not only did she mutter this in her heart, but she also said it several times in front of others. However, from the data of the past years, the lowest temperature and snowfall were not lower than this year, and this year could even be called a warm winter. However, for Yoko who is hard to adapt to winter, every year's winter is "an unprecedented cold winter."
[19] Yoko got married at the age of twenty and gave birth to a boy and a girl in the second and third years respectively. Although her husband's salary was not very high, it was still enough for the family's expenses if they didn't live a luxurious life, so Yoko didn't have to work to supplement the family. They originally lived with her in-laws in a house. Since her father-in-law passed away five years ago, the house was transferred to her husband's name. Yoko didn't feel that she was happier than others, but she also didn't feel any misfortune. However, this was not because she was a woman with dull nerves. In the river of life, people sometimes feel that they are flying high on the crest of the waves of happiness, and sometimes they find themselves deeply trapped in the vortex of misfortune. For Yoko, the word "divorce" had never entered her mind, but she had never felt happy and lucky to be able to spend her life with her current husband.
[20] Although Yoko realized that she was living a simple and ordinary life, she never felt that there was anything wrong with it. On the contrary, whenever she thought of this, a sense of inexplicable security would surge in her heart.
[21] A simple and ordinary life.
[22] Yaiko sincerely hoped that such a life could continue.
[23] 2 Last year, Nen
[24] Nen committed his first murder in October, three months before Yaiko's suspicion, last year.
[25] Nen had realized many years ago that he was different from others. Although he didn't know exactly where he was different, he was very clear that he couldn't let anyone know about it - especially his mother. If others knew about it, they would certainly hate him out of fear and leave him, just like the people who nailed the kind shepherd to the cross.
[26] When Pusei Nen was walking down the street, watching TV at home, or attending classes at university, he often wanted to shout and scream due to the unbearable nameless frustration in his heart. At those times, he was completely at a loss, not knowing what he should do at that moment, as if he had lost the direction of life.
[27] However, after committing the first murder, Pusei Nen found his direction.
[28] Pusei Nen is very sure that if his mother knew about it, she would go crazy. His guess is not baseless. In fact, when his mother noticed his criminal behavior, the situation had already developed in a direction he did not expect.
[29] 3 January
[30] It is January 16th, the day after the end of the consecutive days off. The nearly twelve black leather chairs in the hospital lobby almost filled up with elderly patients waiting to see a doctor. Toriguchi Wataru held a plastic sign with the number "78" and looked around the lobby. He saw that there was still some space on one side of a long chair, so he walked over and managed to put half of his buttocks on it. His knees bent, and Toriguchi felt a wave of pain sweep over his body. He couldn't help but frown. A thin man sitting next to him deliberately moved inward to give him some space. Toriguchi straightened his body and nodded slightly to the man to show his gratitude. The man cautiously held his plastic sign, and Toriguchi noticed that his hands were covered in age spots.
[31] "It's so cold every day."
[32] The man's voice is very soft, and it takes Shikou a while to recognize that the phrase is directed at him amidst the low ambient sounds of coughing and the tapping of slippers on the floor. Shikou lifts his head and re-examines the man sitting next to him. He must be over seventy years old, Shikou thinks. The man's temples have turned gray, his skin on his face and hands is already noticeably dry and dull, and his teeth are probably few.
[33] If he let go of the crutch he is holding tightly in his hands, it would be difficult for him to get up and walk.
[34] Shikou concludes that the man in front of him can be considered an elderly person.
[35] "Yes, indeed." Shikou nods and shifts his gaze away from the man.
[36] In fact, this winter was particularly harsh for Taki. His arthritis caused him great pain, and his previous cold that had not healed well left him without the energy and strength to go out. Of course, this was also related to his age. He knew himself that at sixty-four, he was no longer young, and it was normal for someone of his age to have one or two illnesses in this age where even children can get adult diseases. However, for Taki, who believed his physical strength was even greater than that of the young detectives at the station, the fact that he was bedridden due to this small cold front was hard to accept.
[37] In his heart, he had already found the reason why he had become so old overnight, but he was unwilling to face it and admit it.
[38] In his first winter alone, loneliness -- an enemy he had never encountered before -- defeated the retired detective who had worked tirelessly day and night until the day before his retirement.
[39] Since his wife, Mei Hui, passed away from breast cancer last summer, Taki felt that time was constantly repeating the day before his wife's death. Taki used to wake up his wife every morning, but now he found that the person who used to sleep beside him was no longer there. As Taki vividly recalled the scene of his wife's passing, he gradually realized that the person who had accompanied him for decades had already passed away two weeks ago, a month ago, or even half a year ago...
[40] The blinding sun, Mei Hui's pale smile, the fleeting doctors and nurses, the white cloth covering Mei Hui's face, the cicadas' chirping, the outline of Mei Hui's body under the white sheet, the mixed expressions of sympathy and relief on the faces of the other patients, the beginning of the sour smell of the orchids in the vase, and the pale hand of Mei Hui that he held tightly. Everything was too blinding and dazzling -- especially that day's sun. Everything was wrapped in white in the summer.
[41] Mei is no longer there. Mei is no longer there. Now there is only me alone in this house, and I will be alone in the future.
[42] When Taki and Mei got married, he was 30 and she was 21. Mei came from an ordinary middle-class family and was an only child. Her parents strongly opposed her marrying a policeman so young. None of Mei's relatives attended their wedding ceremony until ten years after their marriage, when her parents' attitude began to soften.
[43] Taki and Mei never had children. Eight years into their marriage, Taki and Mei went to the hospital for a check-up and found that the problem was with Taki. He had very few sperm, which meant the chances of having a child were almost zero.
[44] Mei never gave up because of this, and Taki cared even more about Mei's happiness. Over the years, he has indeed fulfilled this principle. Whenever Taki thinks about leaving Mei behind if he dies before her, he deeply blames himself for not giving her a child. But he never imagined that Mei, who is nine years younger than him, would leave the world first.
[45] Ahead of me.
[46] Keikichi recently began to feel that it was no different from before. MeiHui only left a few months or years earlier, and they were just walking a little earlier and a little later. Now Keikichi's heart almost stopped working. He couldn't help coughing a few times because he was so uncomfortable.
[47] "Are you feeling unwell?"
[48] The older man on the side began talking to him again.
[49] "What did you say?"
[50] "I said, do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?"
[51] The older man didn't hurry, patiently repeating it.
[52] "Ah, nothing serious. Just a cold."
[53] "So it's a cold. Although a cold is a minor illness, it can't be underestimated. Look at me, I have arthritis. Whenever winter comes, my knee hurts so much that I can't walk.
[54] My knee hurts a lot too. Is it arthritis? Or something more serious…
[55] "Oh, I'm sorry, I'll be back in a moment." The older man said, picking up the small bag on his knee and standing up with his cane. It seems that the electronic display at the window is showing his number.
[56] Kiku moved his legs to the side of the bench, making way for the older man. The older man said "Take care of yourself" and slowly walked towards the pharmacy, leaving Kiku feeling somewhat abandoned despite the stranger's kind words.
[57] Kiku looked around the hall, his gaze wandering aimlessly, and finally settled on a large-screen TV. A group of elderly people surrounded the TV, watching it silently. The volume was low, so Kiku could barely hear the sound from where he was sitting, but he still watched the screen intently.
[58] The TV was playing a boring gossip show during the morning hours. It had been playing NHK's program, but when it reached the time for children's programs, a woman changed the channel to this one. During this time, all channels except NHK would only air gossip shows. Why do these private channels, no matter which one, always air the same boring programs at the same time? Midday, other gossip shows, then reruns, news segments. After the children's programs came dramas, followed by sports news…
[59] Since his wife's death, Kiku had spent his days in boredom. He had nothing else to do but watch TV. This might be a form of self-imposed austerity for him, but he really couldn't find anything else to do. For him, anything he did would be meaningless and could never have meaning. These boring gossip shows recently have been focusing on the bizarre murder that took place in January. The victim was a 17-year-old girl who rarely came home. Her body was found in a love hotel in Kabukicho. Some said she was strangled, while others claimed she was suffocated. After her death, her breasts were cut off with a knife. Kiku was frustrated by the unverified rumors broadcast on TV.
[60] Breasts – Kiku recalled the painful scars on Mei's body. Mei had her left breast removed. Since she had never given birth, her body did not show any obvious signs of aging. In fact, just before being admitted to the hospital, Mei's breasts had been very beautiful. But after her left breast was removed, Kiku felt more heartbroken when he saw her intact right breast than when he saw the one with the surgical wound.
[61] Despite such a great sacrifice, the cancer cells that had spread did not spare Mei, ruthlessly devouring her entire body. Kikuko even felt that if he had not undergone surgery and let her leave this world in a complete and beautiful state, it would have been better.
[62] When he pulled himself back to the TV screen, a bitter thought occurred to him. The perpetrator of this bizarre murder might also be a man who lost his wife to breast cancer, and if someone in the police station had the same idea as him, he might already be on the suspect list.
[63] As a few soft electronic sounds rang out, the electronic display showed a few numbers, including "78". Kikuko carefully got up from his seat, trying not to let his knees hurt too much, and slowly walked to the window to pick up his cold medicine.
[64] 4 years ago, Nao
[65] Why is my heart so attracted to her?
[66] This question had been buried deep in Yaguchi's heart for a long time, occasionally surfacing and bothering him even more.
[67] Until he met her in a coffee shop near the university, he had never felt such an intense urge. Was it lust? Or was it... love? No, it couldn't be.
[68] He had always thought that he was impotent to sexual desire. Although he had the same curiosity about sex as others and had normal reactions to exposed female bodies. Of course, Yaguchi was not impotent, and in fact, he had spent many nights with many women.
[69] In his first year of high school, Yaguchi somehow became friends with a group of "bad boys". Perhaps it was because he embarrassed a hated social studies teacher and took revenge for them.
[70] "Hey, Yaguchi, how do you know about such difficult things?"
[71] It was the first time they had initiated a conversation with Minoru Kamio since the beginning of the school year.
[72] "Because that guy is just a big dummy." Minoru Kamio carefully weighed his words and answered cautiously.
[73] This statement caused the "delinquents" to burst out laughing.
[74] "That's right, that's exactly right! But did you really finish that difficult book? The guy who wrote it was some guy named Schopenhauer, right? ...... Ugh, the last time I read a book that was all words was a monkey's errand."
[75] Although Minoru Kabusei despised those "delinquents" as much as anyone else, he was incredibly happy to be around them. He had only known them for a short time when he was invited to one of their "parties". Minoru Kabusei had politely declined to go to the party after hearing that it was a special party where he could smoke some "good drugs", but they told him that he could "have a good time with some pretty girls", so he decided to go to the "party" which was held in the apartment of a strange girl. So he decided to go to this "party" in a strange girl's flat.
[76] The "party" turned out to be incredibly boring. The "pretty girls" the "bad boys" talked about were just a group of ordinary girls with red hair who were neither fat nor thin. Their teeth were yellow from smoking too much, and their skin was not healthy. The "bad boys" swarmed around a girl named Laura, gyrating and occasionally laughing lewdly. Pao Shengnian watched a girl named Angela, his eyes coldly peering at the mysterious area between her legs.
[77] Angela! The girl said her name was Angela! To this day, Pao Shengnian can't help but laugh when he thinks about it.
[78] The girl's "there" was a black forest with a different color from her hair, and Pao Shengnian carefully explored the mysterious area he had been searching for. When he found the entrance he had imagined, he took off his underwear and thrust his already eager penis into it.
[79] Perhaps due to the help of the "drug" -- better to say some stimulants -- the girl's face showed a dazed expression. Pao Shengnian had not even started the assault when she let out a wild moan. The girl's moans were like a bucket of cold water, and she became excited, Pao Shengnian lost his initial impetus and became even less passionate. He moved his hips a few times in the cold and ejaculated, leaving him with a feeling of being cheated that he could never shake off.
[80] Pao Shengnian felt it was the girl's fault, so he tried to have sex with various girls. However, if the friction and contact were just for the final ejaculation, then using his own hands was much better than having sex with a girl. Pao Shengnian could not understand why everyone else seemed to enjoy having sex with a girl so much and kept going back for more.
[81] Fine, they were all a bunch of idiots. No, they were a bunch of idiots who were in heat all year round and couldn't get out of it, not unlike monkeys. It seemed that I was destined to be a special person who would liberate myself from the human flood of lust, and sexual desire was forever out of reach for me.
[82] But why do I still...
[83] Pu Shenren saw her for the second time in the university cafeteria and sat down opposite her without hesitation. During lunchtime, the university cafeteria was always crowded, so it was a normal thing to do.
[84] Her eyes were big and beautiful, her big mouth hinting at a sexual temptation, and her exquisite face was undoubtedly considered a beauty by others. But he was sure he wasn't attracted by her appearance, as she wasn't the type he liked. Her figure was well-proportioned and quite good, with all the right places protruding and rounded, but not at all plump. He mechanically ate the set meal in his dish, oblivious to the taste, his heart beating rapidly, and the sound of his heartbeat loud enough for people around him to hear.
[85] The girl reached out to take the condiment bottle on the table, and Pu Shenren, seeing this, reached out to touch her outstretched jade hand.
[86] "Ah, sorry. Please go ahead."
[87] He hurriedly withdrew his hand and smiled at her, which made her tense face relax a bit. Pu Shenren had always recognized that his smile had a reassuring effect on people.
[88] "No, please go ahead."
[89] He handed the condiment bottle back to her after pouring the sauce on the cabbage shreds, smiling again. The girl had no choice but to take the bottle from him. Her delicate fingers were adorned with bright red nail polish, which was a rare sight among college students nowadays.
[90] Suddenly, something stirred in Pu Shenren's heart, and then disappeared. He hadn't had time to ponder what this thing was when he realized that his penis had become erect, as if an uncontrollable beast, and the tight pants made him feel a constraining pain. Pu Shenren was shocked. Was this sexual desire? Could I have developed sexual desire for this woman? Impossible!
[91] "What's wrong?"
[92] The girl's face showed a familiar expression with him, smiling at him. It seems that all women in the world are the same. As soon as they see his charming smile, they will be surprised at first and then show a familiar expression with him. Women are such inferior creatures that they can easily see that Pei Shengnin is different from ordinary men. After perceiving that he has favored them, they will produce a sense of superiority that they are chosen because they are better than other women. Women are such a hopeless species. That's why he enjoys this kind of conversation with women, just like he enjoyed maintaining friendships with the "bad boys" in high school.
[93] "…Ah, nothing, I was just attracted by your nail polish, it's really pretty."
[94] Pei Shengnin didn't know if this compliment came from his heart. Maybe I saw that color of nail polish somewhere before, he thought.
[95] "Oh, really? This is the one I bought yesterday. I thought this color was too retro and probably not suitable for me… What do you think of this color? Does it match me?" The girl asked, flipping her big eyes and secretly looking at Pei Shengnin.
[96] "I think it suits you well. However, I don't have any sense of fashion, so I can't say much."
[97] "Oh, you look good in this jacket."
[98] It's clear that the girl has a good impression of me.
[99] Well, as long as the method is appropriate and the process goes smoothly, she should be able to accept the invitation without much difficulty.
[100] Invitation? What invitation? Am I planning to do something with this girl? Have sex? Is this girl different from other women?
[101] "Is that so?" Pu Shenren smiled back at the girl. At this moment, his mind was filled with the image of himself embracing a naked girl. Before this, he had imagined such a scene with other women, but he had no feelings for it. Perhaps it was the experience accumulated over time that was at work. Anyway, there was something about this girl that he couldn't understand, something that made her different from other women.
[102] He leaned forward and whispered into the girl's ear, "Do you have a class this afternoon? If not, let's go to a café."
[103] "Hmm? Go now? ... Oh, I have a constitutional law class."
[104] "Constitutional law class? Professor New Field's class? There's no need to attend that class, as it doesn't count towards your grade and the exam is easy."
[105] The girl blushed slightly and shyly nodded in agreement.
[106] Pao Shengnin was delighted. At that moment, he had not even imagined that he would kill the girl in front of him.
[107] 5 February - Yasuko
[108] An event that happened in early February awakened Yasuko's memory from several months ago. Her son had suddenly become distant, not even looking at her. He often went out in the evening, and when she asked him where he was going, he would only give a vague answer like "just going for a walk."
[109] Although Yasuko noticed some changes in her son, she thought it might be because he had a girlfriend. Her son was now twenty years old and had grown up, past the age of telling his mother everything. Whenever she thought of this, Yasuko felt proud, but at the same time, she felt a suffocating pain. It was too late for "puberty," she thought, but she didn't dwell on it too much.
[110] Since her son had entered middle school, he had started not letting her enter his room without permission. When he found out that she had entered his room while he was away, he would be furious. Yasuko knew this was a common feature of teenage boys, and she had learned about it from a lecture at a Parent-Teacher Association (PTA) meeting. The lecturer was an elderly woman who claimed to be an associate professor of educational psychology at a certain university. Yasuko had taken down everything the lecturer said and carefully stored it on a sticky note. "Most boys at this age will become proficient in self-stimulation. However, even if you find out that your son is doing this, don't blame him. It's normal, and blaming them will only make them feel guilty about it, which is not good for their growth. Even if you find many magazines with nude photos in your son's room, please don't assume that this is a sign that he is about to commit a sexual crime or that it is a bad influence. Please communicate and talk to your son. Of course, if you find it difficult to talk about this as a mother, you can ask the father to talk to your son. In any case, please don't treat sex as a taboo or a monster." Yasuko remembered clearly that the lecturer had smiled intentionally to make everyone laugh when she said this, and all the mothers in the audience, including Yasuko, had laughed along. "Please don't assume that your son will commit a sexual crime just because he has a lot of nude magazines in his room. Please communicate and talk to your son. Of course, if you find it difficult to talk about this as a mother, you can ask the father to talk to your son. In any case, please don't treat sex as a taboo or a monster."
[111] The title of the lecture was "Open and Honest Sex"
[112] Ya Zi told her son, "As long as you clean your room yourself, I won't go in and clean it." After she said this, her son really started to tidy up his room. From then on, Ya Zi carefully checked his room every day when her son was not at home, carefully observing any changes. The kind of "magazine with a lot of nude photos" mentioned by the lecturer was hidden under the bed, which was a thick cardboard box filled with old books, including plant guides, world masterpieces, and old textbooks that her son liked the most in elementary school. Ya Zi felt sorry that her son didn't have the habit of writing a diary, and she had also read all the letters written by his classmates and friends to him. In order not to let her son find out, she immediately put the letters back in place after reading them.
[113] There is not even a hint of any bad behavior in her son's room, let alone sexual crimes. If the words of the university professor can be believed, then her son is a normal young man who can't be more normal.
[114] For a while, Ya Zi carefully investigated the garbage cans in her son's room and found out from the things in them that he had masturbated for several consecutive days. Ya Zi was still worried that her son might be a little abnormal at first, but after calculating calmly, she found that he masturbated an average of two to three times a week, which was still within the normal range. Ya Zi originally planned to ask her husband how many times a week a man should masturbate to be normal, but after thinking about it, she felt embarrassed and didn't open her mouth.
[115] However, when she recalled her son's various behaviors over the past few months, she still felt that something was not quite right.
[116] Her son seemed to be under some kind of threat and appeared to be in great pain. Despite avoiding Yoko's gaze for some time, her son would sometimes stare at her intently. Even her daughter, who was very close to her son, did not know anything, indicating that he had not told her anything.
[117] However, Yoko did not know the reason for her son's change. When her daughter asked her if her brother was acting strangely, Yoko reflexively answered, "Probably because he has a girlfriend."
[118] Having a girlfriend? That's about as normal as it gets. If her son had a girlfriend, it would be a good thing, but if she asked him about it, he would probably only tell her that he had a girlfriend and nothing else.
[119] If her son had a girlfriend, she, as his mother, would have noticed it by now. Despite her doubts, Yoko managed to suppress her suspicions and keep them buried deep inside.
[120] Her son must not want his girlfriend to call home because he feels embarrassed. Yes, that's it. He's embarrassed and doesn't want me to answer the phone or hear it. That's why he goes out at night sometimes, probably to use a public phone. That's probably it. That's what the TV says, right? High school students are known to spend hours on the phone in phone booths. Yoko thought to herself, "He's really late to mature."
[121] However, Yoko knew that her thoughts were just self-deception. On the night of February 3rd - actually, it was already around 2 am, so it should be February 4th - her son had sneaked into his room quietly. After that, she found a plastic bag with dark red liquid in the trash can in his room.
[122] February 3rd was the second day of a series of bizarre murder cases.
[123] Chapter 02
[124] 1 February - Takiuchi
[125] In the late afternoon of February 4th, Takiuchi's former subordinate suddenly visited him, which made Takiuchi feel a little ironic. Did I forget to scatter beans to drive away evil spirits yesterday? However, when it comes to scattering beans, I haven't done that in decades...
[126] "Long time no see."
[127] The visitor was Detective Watanabe, who was only a detective supplementary when Taki was in the police station. Now, after leaving the job, Taki felt deeply forgotten by the tide of time.
[128] Along with Detective Watanabe was a young detective, and Taki invited him in and was about to brew tea to receive him when he realized that his tea was already gone. In the teapot was some unknown tea that had been put in at some point, and it had lost its flavor. If I drink it myself, it's fine, but it's too rude to serve it to guests.
[129] "You don't have to bother, we'll be leaving soon."
[130] Detective Watanabe said politely, but as soon as Taki came over to greet him, he immediately took off his coat and neatly tucked his feet under the warm table. The young detective next to him saw this and breathed a sigh of relief, also imitating him and crawled under the warm table.
[131] Taki noticed the white substance on their coats and realized it was snowing outside. He remembered that the morning was unusually quiet and the weather was much colder than usual.
[132] "Taki-san, you're still the same old you," Detective Nakano's tone seemed sincere.
[133] "Don't say that."
[134] Taki last saw Detective Nakano at Mei's funeral. He knew that in just half a year, he had not only turned gray but also lost a lot of weight, far from "still the same old you."
[135] In contrast, Detective Nakano, who should be around forty years old this year, showed no change and looked the same as when Taki left the force. His narrow eyes that couldn't be read and his tightly pursed lips showed an unwavering determination. Taki wondered if he had also looked so intimidating at that age.
[136] "By the way, what brings you here today? Did you come to visit the old soldier because you're bored?"
[137] Shibukawa already knew that their visit today was related to a case, but he still asked in a light-hearted tone. Even when he worked at the police station, Shibukawa never visited anyone out of sentimental reasons, so there was no sarcasm in his words at this moment. Naito seemed to understand this, so he didn't waste time on lengthy greetings. He got straight to the point: "I'm sorry, but I didn't come here for that matter. Do you know a woman named Shima Miyuki?"
[138] Naito's face showed no emotion. The statement was not a question. He must have known about Shibukawa's relationship with the woman to come visit him.
[139] Shibukawa stopped lighting his cigarette and looked back and forth between Naito and the young detective beside him, feeling something rising in his spine.
[140] "What happened to her? What's going on?"
[141] Takeda didn't wait for them to answer, knowing from their expressions that Fujiko was no longer alive. With Naito and the young detective involved, it was clear that she was involved in a major murder case.
[142] It must be the bizarre murder case that happened in January, a case the police had set up a search headquarters for. She couldn't be the suspect in that case, so the other possibility is that she was killed.
[143] "She...was killed?"
[144] "Why do you think so?" the young detective asked.
[145] Takeda slowly looked at the young detective's face, but he couldn't remember the name Naito had introduced him to.
[146] Inoue glared at the young detective and apologized to Hikokuchi.
[147] "A... Hikokuchi-san, as you said, the case that occurred in January, have you heard about it?"
[148] "Well, I do read the newspaper, don't I?" Although Hikokuchi had not learned about the incident from the newspaper, but from a gossip show, he still pretended to be concerned about his reputation and claimed that he had not contacted any of his former colleagues since his wife Mei drew had died.
[149] Inoue nodded, as if he understood the situation.
[150] "Island Miyuki, 29 years old, divorced and single, is a nurse. Hikokuchi-san's wife, Mei-san, was hospitalized during that time, and she worked at that hospital, right?"
[151] Saito's anger flared up instantly, but he quickly realized that this was not the question Noguchi wanted to ask and managed to suppress his anger.
[152] "Yes. Was she killed? Can you tell me first?
[153] Noguchi caught the pleading look in Saito's eyes and nodded slightly, saying, "Around 11 am today, we found her strangled in a hotel in Mount Fuji. Her breasts were cut off and taken away, and her lower abdomen was also dug out."
[154] Although Saito had some idea of what the situation might be, he could not help but feel indignant when he heard Noguchi's words.
[155] This is impossible!
[156] Taki could not associate the woman he had seen wearing a white nurse's uniform and walking lightly a few days ago with the mutilated corpse he heard about. His hands trembled so much that he could not light a cigarette to calm himself down. Taki felt very upset and made an unhappy sound, pressing the unlit cigarette into the ashtray.
[157] Naito silently observed Taki's reaction.
[158] Taki broke the silence first.
[159] "Strangled? You said that, right? And the victim in the case in January was also strangled, wasn't she? ... And in that case, wasn't only the victim's breasts removed?"
[160] "The answer to both questions is Yes. It seems that the killer's methods are gradually escalating. Although the evidence has not yet been produced, it is undeniable that these two cases are the work of the same killer -- how do you feel about that? Can you answer my question now?"
[161]Higuchi wanted to ask a few more questions, but he nodded and gestured for Nobun to ask first.
[162]"So, please explain your relationship with the victim, Ms. Shimazaki."
[163]Nobun's question prompted the young detective to quickly pull out a notebook, but he reluctantly put it away again at Nobun's glance.
[164]"... She... Ms. Shimazaki, of course, I met her when she was taking care of me in the hospital. She was very kind to me. When she passed away, she gave me a lot of comfort. Sometimes she would come to my room to cook for me during her breaks. She was just a friend who would talk and chat with me, that's all."
[165]"Did you have any sexual relationship?" Nobun's question made Higuchi see some hesitation in his eyes.
[166] "Don't talk nonsense! I've already said that we're just friends who talk and chat, and there's no girl in the world who would willingly throw herself at an old man like me. I just treated her as a voluntary caregiver for the elderly, like a volunteer, you know. You know, widowed men have an abnormally high death rate within a year after their wife's death, while women tend to live longer after their husband's death. Men, on the other hand, not only die more often from illness, but also commit suicide more often. Do you know this? She has always been very careful with me in this regard."
[167] "Volunteer?" The young detective suddenly shouted, "You're joking, right? You know she's---"
[168] Yabu quickly interrupted the young detective's words and said, "When was the last time you saw her?"
[169] This question was so natural that it was unnatural, but it was asked so suddenly that Tsuruko didn't know how to answer for a moment. After a while, he looked back and forth between the two detectives and said, "Yesterday... just yesterday."
[170] Tsuruko felt a deep fatigue from his bones.
[171] Shima Senko, who worked in the hospital, was an uninteresting workaholic. It would be more appropriate to describe her as a "calm and composed 'nursing robot'" than a gentle white angel. Senko would never make any mistakes at work, but she would not show any emotion for any patient's death.
[172] When Mei drew was still a little mentally, the husband and wife often joked about Senko, playing a game of "what would she say in this situation?".
[173] Question: "What would she say if the patient's penis erects when she shaves his pubic hair?"
[174] Answer: "Erection degree 98%. Suggest ejaculating quickly to relieve."
[175] Mei heard this dirty joke and initially furrowed her brow, but eventually couldn't help but chuckle. Now that I think about it, that was probably the last time I saw Mei's sincere smile... damn it, can't I do anything else for her besides telling dirty jokes to make her laugh?
[176] When Shima Sensu came to visit Taki after his wife Meihu's death, she was a completely different person from the "nursing robot" she used to be at the hospital. Taki was deeply moved by her careful care and silent comfort. When she visited him for the third time, he found himself crying uncontrollably.
[177] However, life doesn't always have the good fortune of a TV drama, and even though others see his tears, the sadness won't go away, and the wound won't heal. Taki's heart only longs for Sensu's return, and for him, she is the only source of interest in his otherwise barren life. Without Sensu's visits, Taki would have gone crazy from the constant noise of the TV.
[178] Additionally, since Taki can't cook and lacks the motivation to go out to eat, Sensu's visits are essential. She always prepares a few days' worth of curry and some homemade dishes for him.
[179] Why? Why am I, an old man, still alive in this world, while Sensu and Meihu lost their beautiful lives?
[180] Oh, what kind of world is this?
[181] 2 Last year
[182] She said her name is Jiang Feng Zao Zhizhi, a first-year student in the Department of Literature. Pao Sheng Ren lied that he was a graduate student in the Department of Literature. When they found a place to sit in the coffee shop at the entrance of the campus --- actually a normal cake shop where only men gather to chat --- he began to inquire about her relentlessly, wanting to know everything about her.
[183] He thought that by doing so, he might find something special about her.
[184] "What major are you going to choose?" he asked.
[185] "I think I might choose philosophy, um, I haven't decided yet," Zhizhi said shyly, "Philosophy really doesn't match me, does it?"
[186] Pao Sheng Ren put on a surprised expression.
[187] "Philosophy, so it's the same major as me. I'm currently researching Nietzsche. If it's Nietzsche, even if you throw a few questions at me, I still have confidence to continue the conversation. However, it's either lucky or unlucky that the girl in front of me, who is focusing on the pumpkin pie served, didn't follow up on it.
[188] "Wow, impressive, Nietzsche - then I'll choose Nietzsche too. It's rare for me to meet someone like you who is an authority on Nietzsche."
[189] What an idiot! This woman is no different from other women. Even if I look carefully in this guy's head, I doubt I'll find anything interesting. After all, I'm attracted to her body, aren't I? Let's try asking her out, asking her to go to a hotel. There, I'll explore her body properly.
[190] Zuo Zhizhi's red lips opened slightly, and she stuffed one piece of pumpkin pie after another into her little mouth. Pao Sheng Ren watched as she watched her soft, wriggling tongue, and he noticed that his body had hardened again.
[191] At that moment, Pao Shengnian abandoned all his acting: "Tonight, spend the night with me."
[192] She laughed mischievously: "Where are you taking me?"
[193] At 4 pm, they took a taxi to Ikebukuro. Pao Shengnian actually had a car, but he didn't bring it out today. If they went to a hotel near the university, there was a high chance they would be seen by acquaintances. It's not possible to take her on the subway, so...
[194] When they arrived in Ikebukuro, the sky was already getting dark. This made Pao Shengnian give up the idea of slowly drinking and passing the time. They walked through the crowded streets, passing the neon-lit streets, and when they saw the first love hotel, he took her in.
[195] "The sky is still so bright..." Although she complained, she didn't resist much and followed him into the love hotel.
[196] The hotel walls displayed photos of each room style for guests to choose from. Empty rooms were marked with indicator lights, and there were buttons next to them. It seemed that all the rooms in the hotel were empty, indicating that the hotel's system allowed guests to choose their rooms themselves, and pressing the button would open the room. There were no staff in the hotel lobby, so guests didn't have to worry about being seen by anyone.
[197] "Oh, I wonder if there's a rotating bed we can use?" Bao Shengren's words were cut short by her arm hitting him.
[198] "You pervert!"
[199] Bao Shengren chose an ordinary room, which was located on the third floor. The two of them took the narrow elevator up to the room they had chosen. Bao Shengren's heartbeat began to accelerate, and he was worried that she might hear it from beside him.
[200] After entering the room, Zao Zhizhu curiously began to look around the room, throwing her backpack filled with textbooks and notebooks onto the bed. She circled the bathroom and toilet, then came back.
[201] "Oh, there's nothing special about this place. It's so boring."
[202] The room was indeed ordinary, similar to any other hotel room. The only notable difference was that the bathroom was slightly larger and the bed sheets and wallpaper had a colorful, hand-painted appearance. There was no mirror installed above the bed.
[203] Boshen locked the door and removed his jacket, placing it on the back of the chair. Zao Zhizhu pretended not to notice his actions.
[204] "I suddenly feel like having a drink. Would you like some beer or something else?" he asked.
[205] "Beer will do," he replied.
[206] Pusei Ren feels his throat parched and dry.
[207] This room is a sanctuary. In this sanctuary, anything can be done without fear of repercussions. Not only can we engage in sexual acts, but even some SM behavior, this girl probably won't complain.
[208] Because she willingly came with me.
[209] The two sit on the bed, drinking the canned beer they just took out of the fridge. Pusei Ren stares at the girl's snow-white neck. She drinks her beer happily, and the way her neck slowly moves makes him think of the belly of a reptile. Pusei Ren's lower abdomen also swells to the point where it can no longer be concealed.
[210] "Let's listen to some music," Pusei Ren says, trying to hide his excitement. He looks around and sees buttons for controlling the DVD player and TV. He checks the instructions and finds out that it can also play music.
[211] "What do you want to listen to? Let me see, there are light music, Japanese pop songs, Western pop songs, classical music...what do you want to listen to?"
[212] "Hmm, let's listen to Japanese pop songs."
[213] He pressed the button. He thought it would be loud music, but what came out was a sentimental song praising love and expressing longing. He turned up the volume to the point where they had to speak into each other's ears to hear it.
[214] He gently put his hand around her shoulder, but she continued to drink beer as if nothing had happened.
[215] During the break between two songs, she happily exclaimed, "Ah! It's this song! It's my favorite song! Do you know it? It's by Okura Masako!"
[216] "I haven't heard of it," he answers.
[217] Inoue Rei roughly pushes the girl, who is humming along with the music, onto the bed. Her canned beer falls onto the red carpet, spilling its remaining contents and staining the carpet black.
[218] The girl pretends to be frightened at first, but then bursts out laughing. Inoue Rei smiles at her and, without a word, begins to exert pressure on her neck with his thumbs. There is no sound, but he can feel something similar to a broken bone through his fingers.
[219] Kumagai Takako's heavenly voice echoes throughout the room.
[220] Don't give up on your dreams.
[221] I love your lively and fiery gaze.
[222] The girl let out a frog-like shriek, her hands tightly grasping Hosaka's wrists, and her legs outside the bed began to kick frantically. The mattress's springs made a piercing noise.
[223] The vibrant blue veins that appeared in her eyes, on the verge of bursting out, were so vivid and beautiful; her hair, which floated around her as she struggled, seemed to be seaweed drifting in the sea.
[224] Hosaka became intoxicated by this beautiful sight and pressed his entire body onto Saeko, who sank deeply into the spring bed.
[225] I believe everything you choose.
[226] I've been waiting for you from afar.
[227] Although this song had been heard before, Pu Shenren never imagined it would touch his heart so deeply. In fact, before hearing this song today, he had never been moved by a romantic song or a touching scene in a drama.
[228] The girl's nails dug into Pu Shenren's flannel shirt, leaving deep wounds on his body. As the blood from the wounds trickled down his hand, forming two long red marks that extended up his wrist and onto the girl's fair neck, she stopped resisting.
[229] The girl's long, slender tongue, which had been hidden somewhere, now emerged from between her lips and hung down at the side of her mouth, like a question mark. It was as if she had used her last ounce of strength to perform an act of art, asking Pu Shenren a question with her life.
[230] Why, why did you do this?
[231]Pei Shengren unconsciously moved to the rhythm of the music, carefully unbuttoning her clothes, taking them off one by one until he saw her naked body.
[232]"Because I love you."
[233]His voice trembled with emotion, this was the first time Pei Shengren genuinely confessed his love since his birth, and he once again deeply said to her: "Because I love you."
[234]Pei Shengren carefully folded the clothes he took off and neatly placed them on the chair. Then he took off her shoes and underwear, and the girl returned to her state at birth.
[235]She died and returned to her state at birth.
[236] Dying in a birth state is the most natural thing in the world, thought Pei Shengren.
[237] When Pei Shengren placed the girl's body on the bed's center, he could no longer resist. He restrained his excitement and slowly took off his clothes. The song that was playing before had ended, and another song had started, but the sound of Kan Murasame's voice still lingered in his mind, constantly revolving.
[238] It seemed that this girl had run into my heart and was singing for me there.
[239] Pei Shengren took off his underwear and quickly lay beside the girl. His penis was erect and painful.
[240] The girl's body quickly lost its blood color, turning from red to black. But he didn't care about these things. His right hand gently stroked the girl's abdomen, slowly exploring upward. He held the breasts that were even more plump than he imagined with both hands and rubbed them hard. He passionately kissed the snow-white breasts and then sucked the pink nipples.
[241] It was a tenderness he had never given to anyone else.
[242] The girl's skin lost its color gradually wherever his hands touched, and could not return to its original state.
[243] He kissed and caressed her all over her body with his hands and tongue.
[244] But it was so cold, so very cold.
[245] "Let me warm you up," he whispered into her ear.
[246] He lay on top of the girl, his right hand sliding between her legs and spreading them apart. He found her genitals with his fingers and inserted his own into her. The inside was very moist and warm, either from the girl's love juices before her death or from his caresses after.
[247] Already on the verge of climax, he couldn't help but release himself as soon as he inserted himself into the deepest part of her. Billions of fiery life surged into her already dead and slowly cooling body, a sight that shook his brain.
[248] This is the true act of love.
[249] What he had experienced so far was nothing more than mutual masturbation in the name of love, imitating this true act of love.
[250] Now he finally understood that sex was nothing more than a euphemism for murder. Violated sex is like suffocated sex. Men love to caress and lick a woman's body, bite it gently, sometimes brutally, and finally pierce her inner organs with their long guns.
[251] Men came to this world to kill women and devour them.
[252] He slowly made love to the woman with cloudy eyes watching the wall before reluctantly leaving the hotel. It was already past 10 pm.
[253] The word "love" was something that did not exist for him until today -- even if it did, there was no need to discuss it with others -- but today, he knew love in a way that he wanted to praise and share with others. It was a real love.
[254] Love is a real thing.
[255] He who loves, the world will be different because of him. Bao Shengren would never have believed this before.
[256] The streets lined with ginkgo trees were dyed in a rainbow of neon lights at night. Pu Shengren walked down the street, looking around like a lost elementary school student. Until yesterday - to be precise, just now - he had previously disdained those passing street men and women, but now they seemed so cute to him, and even the colorful neon lights seemed to make him feel so refreshed.
[257] The semi-transparent film that had been wrapped around him since he was born had cracked, and he could finally break free and enjoy this fresh feeling of being reborn. The autumn wind blowing on his skin, mixed with the smell of roasted chicken, and the sound of the pinball machine's hustle and bustle every time someone entered and exited.
[258] All of these things are proof of my life and love.
[259] Pu Shengren's sensory system, including vision, hearing, and smell, was stimulated almost painfully, as if his neural threshold had dropped significantly.
[260] He was even surprised at his own excitement. Was it because of some substance secreted by the pituitary gland that made him enter this state?
[261] However, even after taking the train for almost an hour and returning home, the excitement did not subside. Pushe Nen was convinced that he had been reborn. Not even his mother's nagging---"Why are you so late today?"--- could dampen his high spirits.
[262] But why was that girl---whom he couldn't remember her name at the moment---so attractive to him?
[263] Pushe Nen searched for the answer deep within himself.
[264] March 3, Yaiko
[265] Since Yaiko noticed her son's strange behavior, she resumed checking his room's trash and snooping through his letters to friends. Although she hadn't done this since her son went to university, she felt it was her right as a mother to know the name and background of his girlfriend. Her husband noticed her actions and told her, "Your son is an adult now. Stop doing these silly things." Despite his words, she couldn't listen to him and had no intention of stopping. Yaiko didn't argue with her husband, but she didn't want to take advice from a man who only cared about work.
[266] I love my children. What about you?
[267] She often wanted to ask her husband this question.
[268] I protect my children from harm and temptation in this world, what have you done?
[269] When she shared her thoughts on child education with her husband after attending a sexual education lecture, he always had an indifferent expression. When she went to a protest to have a machine that sold erotic magazines removed from the school area, he said, "What's wrong with those books? It's nothing." Ya Zi finally yelled at her husband after hearing this.
[270] "How can you say that? Look at them yourself. They're vulgar and vulgar to the point of being unbearable!" However, she did not mention that she found such vulgar and vulgar magazines in her son's room. Ya Zi forced herself to forget about her son reading those magazines and forced herself to forget about her sneaky discovery of those magazines in her son's room. Ya Zi believed that as long as she did her best to educate her son, these vulgar magazines could not corrupt his mind.
[271] "I don't need to see them to know what they are - let me take a bath now."
[272] Although Yaiko had never planned to rely on her husband to educate her son, she hasn't mentioned anything about her son since that incident, except for particularly serious matters.
[273] Yaiko and her husband haven't had a normal married life for a long time. Since the death of her father-in-law, they have been sleeping in different rooms, almost like being separated.
[274] It was February 4th.
[275] Because of the exam, Puzhenan didn't leave until after lunch. Yaiko snuck into her son's room again around 2 pm.
[276] Yaiko and her husband are very generous with their son's pocket money and have never shortchanged him financially, so his room is filled with high-end electronic equipment. There is no shortage of high-quality audio equipment, including a video recorder, television, and an 8 cm camera that can play laser discs. When the serial killer who murdered the young girl was captured, Yaiko was greatly shaken. However, in terms of her investigation of her son, she found that he had no particular interest in horror movies or young girls and did not seem to have a pedophilic inclination.
[277] "My child would never do such a thing. Never."
[278] The son's bed is a black steel bed, which he received after he started college. It seems that the son disposed of the magazines and old books under the bed when he changed beds, and only scattered some old magazines with nude photos on the floor. However, what reassured Yaiko was that these things were all bought by her son after he graduated from high school, obviously indicating that he was no longer interested in that kind of vulgar stuff. No matter how many times the famous teachers said "don't worry," Yaiko was convinced that such erotic things would have no good effect on a sensitive child, and the best thing to do is not to let them see such things.
[279] The son masturbates at most once a week, sometimes for a long time without doing so. Yaiko is not sure if this represents that her son has started having sex with his girlfriend. She checks her son's body for any scent of perfume or soap, but she doesn't even find a trace of a scent that might be associated with a woman.
[280] Yaiko examines every corner of her son's room, paying close attention to any changes. The German dictionary and textbooks are on the black table that used to be a hot plate, as the room now has a three-tatami-mat-sized carpet and an air conditioner, so the son doesn't have to hide in the hot plate in the winter, but uses it as a desk instead. The desk he used for nine years was thrown away when he entered high school, and the space is now filled with electronic audio-visual equipment. The only bookshelf in the room mostly contains manga, but textbooks and vocabulary books also occupy about half of the space. Although it is said that many college students do not read these days, Yaiko thinks her son is still better than them.
[281] After examining everything in the room, Yasuoka began to check the only trash can in the room. It was a stainless steel trash can that was taller than most trash cans. To make it easier to dispose of garbage, a black garbage bag was placed inside the trash can. The top part of the trash can was filled with a paper bag from a bookstore, followed by a transparent plastic sheet that had been torn open, which looked like the packaging for a video or audio cassette. At the bottom was a crumpled ball of toilet paper. Yasuoka picked up the ball of toilet paper, intending to check for any traces of semen as she usually did, but her attention was drawn to a black plastic bag inside the trash can.
[282] Since she needed to put the trash back in its original position, Yasuoka carefully remembered the order of the trash and opened the corner of the plastic bag. Indeed, as Yasuoka had expected, the garbage bag inside was another garbage bag, identical to the ones she bought for the kitchen. Yasuoka carefully examined the small bag and found some liquid at the bottom. She cautiously found the opening of the plastic bag, being careful not to let the liquid spill out. She opened the bag and was hit with a pungent metallic odor.
[283] The smell was suffocating, and Yasuoka felt dizzy.
[284] I know this smell. I'm too familiar with this smell.
[285] Yasuoka slowly extended her left hand into the opening of the plastic bag and touched a few drops of the liquid inside with her finger. It was a dark-colored liquid, blood. It was indeed blood. The bag contained blood or something containing blood, possibly pig's blood or chicken's blood. However, it was definitely not human blood. How could there be a bag of human blood in my son's room? It's impossible. This is definitely animal blood. Maybe my son had a barbecue party with his friends and the blood seeped out of the packaging paper holding the meat. It's not uncommon.
[286] As Yaiko thought about it, her legs became weak, and she began to tremble, unable to stand.
[287] Oh my god, what has that child... my child, done?
[288] Chapter 03
[289] 1 February
[290] Shimauchi Shigeko lived in a dormitory provided by the hospital, but her parents were still alive and living in their old home in Kita-ku, Kamata. Since it was unknown when the body would be returned, Shimauchi's family seemed to be holding a "tonight" (the night of the death of the deceased, when the family and relatives gather to mourn) in accordance with the old custom. As Takiuchi lived in the west of the Arakawa River, he could reach Kamata immediately after crossing the river. Although as a general friend, he only had to attend the funeral and say something like "Please take care of yourself" to the bereaved family, he felt he had an obligation as a retired detective to say some comforting words to the parents who had lost their daughter. However, he had no idea what to say to them.
[291] Despite being just a friend, Takiuchi could have simply attended the funeral and offered condolences to the family. However, as a retired detective, he felt a sense of obligation to offer some words of comfort to the parents who had lost their daughter. Yet, he had no idea what to say.
[292] Takiuchi hesitated for a long time before finally deciding to pay a visit. At 6 pm, he stood up with a heavy heart, put on a suit from his closet, and put on an old gray coat over it before hailing a taxi.
[293] Facing the relatives of a victim is a difficult task for any detective, and it is one of the things Takiuchi is least skilled at. Unlike attending the funeral of a friend or relative, a sudden visitor, an intrusive interrogator, a prying into the privacy of the victim and their family, destroying graves, dissecting bodies, and placing the corpse on an autopsy table to examine it under a microscope -- these are the sufferings Takiuchi has experienced from the relatives of victims.
[294] However, Yasuko can be considered a friend of Takiuchi, and even a benefactor.
[295] If so, why am I so afraid to meet the family of Yasuko? It's almost as if... as if I'm still a detective? I don't have to ask them the questions that hurt their feelings anymore, and they won't ask me why I have to dissect the body. I just need to express my condolences, show that I want to share their grief over Yasuko's untimely death, and express my anger towards the unknown perpetrator. That's all it is.
[296] Kikuchi comforted himself as he unconsciously arrived at Shinzou's hometown, "Shima House Confectionery Shop." Kikuchi had heard from Inoue that Shinzou's father was a professional Japanese confectioner.
[297] After getting out of the taxi, it started snowing again. Kikuchi paid the fare, took off his coat, and looked up at the confectionery shop. It was a standalone Japanese-style building located at the end of a commercial street, more impressive than he had imagined. A wooden sign hung under the roof, with the words "Shima House Confectionery Shop" written from right to left. The entrance was large, but it was now closed. Kikuchi tried to find a way to go around, so he walked to the right. After about 100 meters, he saw a row of houses separated by a wall, and he turned left into a narrow passage, then turned left again, and walked back about 100 meters.
[298] Kikuchi saw two police cars parked at the door, and immediately realized he had found the right place. It was already late, and the temperature was dropping, but there were still a few housewives standing on the side of the road, staring at the flashing red lights on the top of the police cars and chatting among themselves. Two policemen stood nearby, wearing the uniforms of the local precinct, rubbing their hands on their pants and blowing white mist from their mouths as they leaned against the car door.
[299] Kikuchi walked towards the entrance, and one of the policemen immediately stood up and asked, "What brings you here?"
[300] "The deceased was a friend of mine," Kikuchi replied, wondering if he had anything to prove his identity, but it seemed unnecessary now. The policeman bowed to Kikuchi as a sign of condolence and gestured for him to enter the house.
[301] Standing on the stone floor at the entrance, facing the brightly lit house, Higashikokuba suddenly felt a bit lost.
[302] I shouldn't have come today, Higashikokuba thought. He could already see a scene in his mind: Mizuho's parents and the relatives who came to confirm the obituary were unable to control their emotions and burst into tears. They may not know about my relationship with Mizuho. Today is not the farewell ceremony, and an old man like me suddenly showing up, what will they think? Mizuho came to my house before she was killed, how will her family question me? Even Nozaki couldn't help but think of that possibility, how could they not naturally assume that there was a special relationship between me and Mizuho?
[303] Today really shouldn't have come, Higashikokuba struggled with regret. Just as he was about to turn around and leave, he noticed that the policeman outside was looking at him with an unusual gaze. Higashikokuba had not seen him at the police station before, so he should not know that Higashikokuba had retired. To avoid unnecessary questioning, Higashikokuba nodded ambiguously at him and looked up at the dark sky, taking a deep breath.
[304] Higashikokuba slowly pulled the slightly stuck sliding door, and it made a loud noise.
[305] About 10 pairs of shoes were scattered randomly on the cement floor in front of the entrance. In front of him was a wooden screen, with a smooth surface and clear wood grain. Among the pile of shoes on the ground, there were several pairs of shoes with dirty soles and worn-out soles, which Higashikokuba knew were the shoes of the detectives. It was likely that they had come to investigate Mizuho's photos and belongings. Higashikokuba had never been here before, so he could only subconsciously infer how many people lived in this house.
[306] An elderly woman in her fifties walked around the screen, kneeling on the corridor and nodding to Taki's arrival. The woman wore a wool sweater, and judging by her age, she should be Sensu's mother. Although there were no obvious traces of crying in her eyes, and her movements were calm and composed, Taki knew in his heart that this was a kind of dazed look that a person would have after being hit hard.
[307] "My surname is Taki. You may have heard of my name. I was often taken care of by your daughter. Today, your daughter suddenly passed away, and I feel very sad. I really don't know..."
[308] Taki made a great effort to say these words, but when he noticed that the other party was looking at him with a slightly dazed gaze, he stopped.
[309] "Mr. Taki... Are you the Taki who used to be a detective?"
[310] Behind the screen blocking Taki's view was the living room, where suppressed sobbing could be heard, mixed with the sound of friction caused by walking on the tatami mat, and the sound of clothes rubbing against each other.
[311] "Yes, but I've already retired..."
[312] His words were suddenly interrupted by a voice that was angry and surprisingly clear.
[313] "Please leave."
[314] Taki was speechless for a moment, gazing at the old woman. Her short hair was dotted with strands of white hair, and her hair was curled into large waves. Her mouth and nose were well-defined, and her round face was suitable for her. However, the same sized eyes were now staring at him intensely. Taki had felt fearful of this family before entering, but he never expected the woman to be so hostile towards him when they finally met. At this moment, Taki felt as if a bucket of cold water had been poured over him.
[315] "Eh, no, I just wanted to... "
[316] Another female appeared, sensing the tension, and Shibukawa was startled by her presence. The young woman, with a round face like the old woman, was clearly related to her. The young woman was taller than the old woman, with a similar appearance but clearly more beautiful. However, Shibukawa was not surprised by her looks alone.
[317] In fact, Shibukawa had a momentary illusion because she looked so much like Senko that she seemed to be standing right in front of him.
[318] "Who are you?" She nodded gently at Shibukawa and whispered something in the old woman's ear, loud enough for Shibukawa to hear.
[319] The old woman continued to glare at Shibukawa and repeated, "Please leave now. We're very busy at home… just leave."
[320] "Mom! That's too rude!"
[321] It took Kikuchi a while to realize that the young woman in front of him was Minako's younger sister. Minako had mentioned having a five-year-old sister. Kikuchi looked at her carefully and quickly found differences between her and Minako. The younger woman had long straight hair and a round face, still carrying some childishness. Compared to Minako, she looked more like their mother. In contrast, Minako seemed more sensitive and easily hurt.
[322] Kikuchi spoke before they started arguing: "I understand. I shouldn't have come to disturb, so... I'll come back another day. Goodbye."
[323] Without waiting for them to speak, Kikuchi turned and left the entrance, bowing and closing the door behind him. His heart pounded as he walked down the deserted street, not knowing whether it was because he met Minako's sister who looked so much like her or because he met her unreasonable mother. Kikuchi stumbled down the deserted street, a slight pain making him press his hand to his chest.
[324] Perhaps the fragility of his heart made his body weak as well, or perhaps it was because he was getting older and his body was weakening, making his mind vulnerable. Kikuchi walked down the deserted street, the cold wind hitting his face directly, and the petals of snow melting and disappearing on his coat. Kikuchi covered his face and slowly walked back along the road he had come from.
[325] As he turned the corner and walked onto the street, a woman's voice called out from behind him, and a woman ran after him.
[326] "Please wait! ... I'm sorry, please wait a moment!"
[327] Fukutake stopped and slowly turned around. The woman who ran after him ran up to him, and it turned out to be Mizuho's younger sister. She ran very fast, panting out large mouthfuls of white mist, and probably forgot to put on a coat over her black sweater when she left home. She was wearing slippers, and almost tripped when she ran quickly to Fukutake's feet. Fukutake and Mizuho's younger sister stood face to face, and at this moment, Fukutake realized that she was actually a little taller than him, while Mizuho was much shorter than him, which meant that the younger sister was quite a bit taller than her older sister.
[328] "What's wrong?" Fukutake asked her after she had calmed down a bit.
[329] "Are you... Are you Mr. Fukutake?" She panted, swallowed her saliva, and asked.
[330] "I am Fukutake. You are Mizuho's younger sister, right?" Fukutake's words were just spoken, and the woman seemed to be surprised, and hurriedly nodded.
[331] "Yes, I am. My name is Iwamura Kaori." She looked up at the sky as if she had just realized it was snowing outside, and her body began to tremble slightly.
[332] "Could... Can we find a place to sit down and talk outside? Can I bother you for a moment?" She stared at Higuchi's face as she spoke, her eyes filled with a pure, innocent gaze that Higuchi found different from that of Higuchi's sister. Higuchi never saw her sister look at anyone with such an expression.
[333] "Is it about your sister?"
[334] "Yes."
[335] "I don't mind, but your mother doesn't like me, does she?" Higuchi added the last sentence casually, trying to find out if she knew the source of her mother's dislike.
[336] Shima Nagiko apologizes, "Please don't mind her. She's been through a lot and is quite unsettled. So, I'm really sorry... After you leave this street, turn left, and you'll see a café called EL.NED. Please wait there for me. I'll be there soon."
[337] Taki nods, and Shima Nagiko quickly turns and runs back home.
[338] Taki quickly finds the café she mentioned. The café isn't very large, with about five to six seats at the counter and three tables that can seat four people. The table at the back of the store has a tabletop electronic mahjong game, with a young man sitting there, fully absorbed in playing, without paying attention to the coffee beside him. Taki finds a seat closest to the entrance and orders a hot chocolate.
[339] Taki takes a sip of the hot, scalding hot chocolate, and Shima Nagiko walks in. This time, she is wearing a coat and has switched from slippers to formal shoes.
[340] "I'm sorry for making you wait," she bows deeply to Taki, sits down facing him, and orders a cup of tea. Shima Nagiko doesn't speak, just lowering her head into silence. Taki, seeing this, speaks first, "…It's really unfortunate. I don't know what to say to console you. Maybe you already know this, but I used to be a detective. I've seen many dead bodies and had to deal with the relatives of victims many times, but I still don't know what to say to the relatives of victims. I told some of the victims' relatives that I would definitely catch the culprit, but in the end, I couldn't. I really... I really don't know what to say to you."
[341] While Tsubaki was speaking, Ishimoto silently observed him.
[342] After Tsubaki finished speaking, Ishimoto asked him a question that caught him off guard.
[343] "Did you love my sister?"
[344] Tsubaki almost blurted out, "What are you talking about?" but he managed to hold it back, knowing that it would surely upset her.
[345] "…Why are you asking such a question? There's absolutely nothing between me and your sister…"
[346] Iwamura shook her head, interrupting him.
[347] "I know, there's nothing between you two... But I think you must have noticed, my sister... She has always loved you."
[348] Tsubaki stared blankly at Iwamura, and the image of Senko appeared on her face. Probably Senko would occasionally look at him with the same expression as now - a look that cannot be expressed in words. Tsubaki took a breath and said, "How could that be? You must have misunderstood something. Your sister was just being sympathetic to me, probably just as a nurse's sense of responsibility."
[349] "Please stop lying to yourself. What responsibility? Why did my sister only care for you and no one else? Sister noticed a long time ago that you probably wouldn't accept her feelings, but she still wanted to be by your side."
[350] Indeed, he took advantage of Senko's feelings and pursued his own interests. He once thought of her as his daughter with Meiko, even though he had no children. He knew that Senko did not pursue a father-daughter relationship, but he still took comfort from her.
[351] "But even so, I don't think Mizuki saw me as her lover. Look at me, if I looked like an actor, it would be fine, but I'm just an old man. Yes, I'm about the same age as your father, isn't that right?"
[352] "Please don't say such degrading things about yourself!" Iwamura shouted angrily, but then lowered her head. "I'm sorry, no matter what you say, I want to tell you, Mr. Taki, you are very charming, much more so than you think. So please don't deny yourself! My sister will always love you."
[353] Suddenly, Taki understood why Mizuki's mother had treated him the way she did. She must have known about Mizuki's feelings for him. Mizuki was still young and could have found a good family, but if she had refused other suitors because of him... that would have been enough for Mizuki's mother to resent him, especially since Mizuki was killed on her way back from his house.
[354] Taki said, "If you're asking if I considered your sister as a lover, I can tell you the answer is no. Even if we were the same age, I was in a state where I couldn't have any feelings for another woman. I was like a walking corpse back then, and without your sister's care, I would have died."
[355] Taki saw Iwamura staring at him with tears in her eyes. She bit her lips and persisted in not letting tears fall.
[356] "Your wife... do you love her very much?"
[357] Higuchi did not answer, and Fujiko continued, "If... if... if you had more time, would you have fallen in love with my sister?"
[358] "This question has no meaning. Because even if she had not met such a misfortune, this old man would not have much time left in this world."
[359] "Please answer me, do you think you might... might possibly fall in love with my sister?"
[360] Higuchi wanted to lie to comfort Fujiko, but when he saw her eyes, he knew he couldn't.
[361] "…No, it's impossible."
[362] Fuyu could no longer hold back her tears, which immediately welled up in her eyes. She quickly turned around, wiping the tears from her face with the back of her hand.
[363] While trembling, Fuyu said, "…I'm sorry. I must have caused you a lot of trouble... But I just wanted to ask you, just wanted to hear you say that. Even though I know that knowing the answer wouldn't change anything, I still feel like I have to hear you say it."
[364] "I understand," Fujiko replied.
[365] Fujiko couldn't suppress his emotions. Although he tried to accurately recall Senko's face, his memory began to blur in his mind, and he couldn't distinguish between Senko and Fuyu standing in front of him, and he couldn't say anything about the differences in their faces...
[366] A voice echoed in his mind: It's all your fault, all because of your fault, that Minsu died.
[367] You killed her.
[368] Shikou clenched his teeth and his fists were tightly clenched under the table.
[369] Xun took out a handkerchief, wiped her tears from her face, and continued to say, "……But I'm relieved now. Mr. Shikou, you're a good person. Now I understand my sister's feelings a little better."
[370] She put away the handkerchief, picked up the bill, and stood up, saying, "So I'll be leaving now."
[371] Tsubaki didn't have time to say anything before she quickly paid the bill. The two cups of drinks on the table were untouched and now cold. Although he wanted to stand up and call her back as she was about to push the door open, his mind was blank, not knowing what to say.
[372] He slumped back into his chair, staring at the cup of cocoa milk in front of him, which had a caramel-colored film on the surface and had been forgotten.
[373] You killed her.
[374] "It's not my fault!" Tsubaki couldn't help but shout. He didn't notice the middle-aged woman behind the bar and the other customers playing mahjong secretly watching him.
[375] You killed her.
[376] 2 January last year – Nen
[377] The day after killing the first woman, Nen took a day off from university. He lay on the couch in the living room, holding the TV remote, hoping to catch the news about the murder case from the night before. His mother, whom he thought had already left, slowly entered the room.
[378] "Nen, why didn't you go to university today?" she asked, slightly displeased.
[379] "…I might have a slight fever, and there's only one class anyway. I was perfect attendance last semester, so missing one class won't make a big difference."
[380] As the TV news program began, he didn't want to switch channels and risk looking unnatural, and he didn't want to miss the news either. He didn't know how he would react to the news of the murder case, but he thought his mother wouldn't notice anything.
[381] Suddenly, the news scroll at the bottom of the TV screen read "Female's Body Found in Hotel Poolside." Furuuchi Ren felt slightly tense. However, when the news anchor began to report the news, Furuuchi Ren felt a thrill that made his body tremble. The news played a photo of the girl's head. The photo might have been taken from her student ID or driver's license. The face that lacked soul somewhere made him recall the face of the girl lying dead on the bed after they had fused spiritually. Furuuchi Ren's penis, ignoring the mother standing beside him, stood erect like a gun.
[382] Furuuchi Ren realized that he was watching the close-up of the girl's face who had just fused with him spiritually with his mother, and this feeling made him feel a kind of shame close to madness, and also brought him a sadistic joy.
[383] "A female died around 1:10 pm today at the PALADISO Hotel in East Poolside, Fujisawa District. The Poolside Police Department received a report and rushed to the scene. The police found a young woman strangled to death in the room. Based on the evidence left at the scene, the victim was a first-year student at Tōyō Bunka Daigaku, a private university in Tōyō. The Poolside Police Department considers this case a murder, and the police are currently actively searching for the whereabouts of the man who entered the hotel with her."
[384] "Hey, she's one of your university students, right? Look, you have to see this."
[385] His mother was surprised and opened her mouth, pointing to the TV screen, seemingly unaware of Furuuchi Ren, who was mesmerized by the screen.
[386] "Really? She's just a freshman, what a pity. Let's see if there's any more detailed report on other channels..."
[387] Beiju Ren tried to control his trembling voice and changed channels one by one, wanting to see more of her photos.
[388] "Oh, right. I was about to go to the neighbor's house, I forgot about this. I'll be right back."
[389] "Ah, I'm going to the neighbor's house to visit them. I have to go there to check on them." Beiju Ren's mother suddenly said and rushed out the door.
[390] The neighbors were an elderly couple without children, and she often said, "I have to go and check on them," and then went to chat with them. She wouldn't be back for at least an hour. Although she said she would be back soon, she wouldn't return until almost dinner time if they didn't start preparing for dinner.
[391] In the meantime, Kusanagi-san could do what he liked best…
[392] The gossip show started, and the top news was, of course, the discovery of the body in the hotel. Such programs were much more detailed than the news, especially when it came to news related to sex.
[393] How much do these media have on me?
[394] However, it had only been two hours since the body was discovered. It was unlikely that they would report more detailed information. The reporters would probably say it was a murder case caused by a love affair and stop there. For Kusanagi-san, the only gain was to have the opportunity to slowly appreciate her photo again.
[395] Kusanagi-san recalled Jang Teng Zaozhi's white neck. Compared to the photo, the real person from last night was more seductive and enticing. Her slender collarbone was so delicate that Kusanagi-san feared it might break if he touched it.
[396] Shengren was mesmerized. He sucked her nipples countless times, passionately and repeatedly, leaving clear bite marks on them. He slowly began to touch her body in his memory, slowly moving towards her lower body...
[397] Her slender waist, long belly button, plump buttocks, and long legs, as well as her hidden center, all vividly remained in his memory. But it was like a dream, and when he woke up, it seemed like a lifetime ago. He couldn't believe that he had spent such a sweet and delicious time with her. He couldn't believe that he had loved her so passionately and purely. Shengren felt that his love for her would burst out of his body and flow out of his heart, never drying up. He even felt like a star at the end of its life, about to be crushed by that love.
[398] He stroked the bulge in his pants. He wanted to recall everything that happened last night and engrave it deeply in his memory again.
[399] All this lingered in his memory with the utmost vividness, but it was like a dream, waking up as if it were a lifetime ago. He could not believe that he had spent such a sweet and fragrant time with her; he could not believe that he could have loved someone so intensely and purely. Minoru Pusheng felt that this love of his for her would rush out of his body and overflow from his heart at any time, and would never dry up and wither. He even felt that he was like a star in the final stages of its life, soon to be heavily crushed by that love.
[400] He rubbed the high peak on his trousers. He was going to recall everything that had happened last night and etch it into his memory once more.
[401] The term "lust" is too mundane to describe my feelings. What I did could never be compared to the boring behavior of others in the world. At that time, I was united with her in a place closer to the essence of the world.
[402] Unintentionally, Pu Shenrui began to hum the background music that was playing when he killed her in the hotel.
[403] Life and death, life and sex, death and sex - these three questions that have been closely connected from the beginning, I have never considered. Sex is secret, murder is forbidden, life is precious - I must have unconsciously picked up this kind of boring thinking that only weak people have.
[404] And now I have been reborn. I am the only person in the world who holds the truth in his hand, the only man in the world.
[405] Pu Shenrui trembled all over as he ejaculated into his underwear one after another. At this moment, he realized that men could also have a sexual climax. The empty eyes of Jing Tong Zaozhi's television screen gazed at him endlessly.
[406] The wind gradually increased with the passing of the days, and winter finally came. Bolegenan still lived a peaceful life on the surface, but his inner turmoil was unbearable. He sometimes felt that he was at the top of happiness, and sometimes inexplicably fell into the depths of despair.
[407] What made him the most sad was that no matter how hard he tried, the memories of the time he spent with her, which had once made him intoxicated, slowly faded away from his mind. What used to be a strong stimulation and excitement just by recalling it, now seemed dull and uninteresting like a TV screen.
[408] Because the case itself had nothing too attractive, and the police investigation had not made much progress, the media quickly forgot about it, and her photos rarely appeared on TV screens again. Bolegenan had accumulated many magazines he bought on that day. He originally planned to watch the photos of her published in the magazines over and over again. At first, it was effective, but over time, he began to feel that the ink printed in the magazines had no meaning at all. The only exception was a photo he saw in one magazine. It was a photo taken during the high school cultural festival, where she and her friends were frying hot pancakes in a mock store, wearing a white apron with frilled edges, holding a frying pan and playing with her friends.
[409] Bolegenan sometimes tried to masturbate with these photos and his own memories, but the increasing pain in his heart never subsided. Gradually, his senses became dull, and the world seemed to drift away from him again. In this world, everything seemed so vague, everything sounded so muddy, and everything tasted so unappetizing. He began to doubt the ground he stood on, which had an uncertain feeling; he began to think that everything he saw was an illusion and unreal.
[410] Why?
[411] I should have been reborn, shouldn't I? At that time, I should have been connected to her and the world. What I thought was a solid reality is now turning into mist and escaping from my fingers.
[412] As soon as the university enters winter vacation, Bo Shengren begins to wander aimlessly on the streets. He doesn't know where he's going or what he's pursuing. He walks from Shinjuku to Shibuya, Roppongi to Harajuku, and down to Shimokitazawa.
[413] Bo Shengren sometimes thinks that the police investigating the murder case will find him one day. He only thinks about it occasionally and never feels anxious or fearful. For him now, the whole world is almost lost, and even if he is arrested and punished, it is just a trivial matter.
[414] Bo Shengren stayed at home for three days during the New Year's holiday. On the fourth day, he could not bear it any longer and went out again. Although everyone says this winter is a warm one, he is so numb that he can't tell if it's warm or cold.
[415] The streets of Shinjuku are busier than he expected, but it's still fairly quiet for a New Year's Day. After exiting the east gate of Shinjuku JR Station, he walks aimlessly towards Kabukicho. Perhaps it's a whim, but he enters an arcade, a place he would never have gone before. Maybe it's because the streets are unusually quiet today, and he wants to find some excitement.
[416] As soon as Bao Shenren entered, he was immediately surrounded by the electronic music of the arcade machines. Feeling the atmosphere, he decided to find a game to play. Although he said so, he looked around the store and saw many tabletop game machines, but he couldn't tell what kind of games they were just by looking. At this time, the capsule-shaped racing game machine was more convenient, as it was easy to understand how to play.
[417] Bao Shenren felt a little embarrassed, but still lowered his head and entered the capsule-shaped racing game machine. He gripped the steering wheel and tried pressing the accelerator and brake a few times. There was only a gear shift on the right side of the seat, with no handbrake. Bao Shenren assumed that the game would be much easier to play than driving in reality.
[418] However, when he started the game on a circular track similar to Suzuka, he couldn't even complete one lap and crashed into the wall on the first turn. From then on, he couldn't get the car back on track and the game ended in a slow and dragged-out manner. Bao Shenren looked at the "Game Over" message on the game machine and chuckled, shaking his head, when a snickering sound came from behind him. He turned around and met the gaze of a girl who was leaning against the capsule game machine and looking at him curiously. Bao Shenren saw a girl with a ponytail, wearing a tight black mini-skirt and a red jacket on top. Although she was wearing heavy makeup to make herself look older, Bao Shenren guessed she was around 15 or 16 years old.
[419] "Could there really be someone who can play this game?" He shrugged his shoulders and said, and the girl patted his shoulder lightly, indicating that he should get up and let her play. He obediently gave up the driver's seat and let the girl sit down. She pointed at the coin slot, and he had to dig a 100 yen coin out of his wallet and put it in.
[420] As soon as the girl sat in the driver's seat, she drove like a professional racer, quickly shifting gears, swerving left and right, and overtaking one car after another to finish the race in first place. The girl looked at Bao Shenren, smiling triumphantly. Bao Shenren stood by the side, staring at her, watching her deep black T-shirt underneath the red jacket, which was low-cut and showed her sexy cleavage. Her firm breasts lifted the T-shirt up.
[421] As soon as the girl sat down in the driver's seat, she drove like a professional racer, rapidly shifting gears, weaving in and out of other racers, and finishing the race in first place. She looked up at Bao Shengren and smiled triumphantly. Bao Shengren stood by and watched her, noticing that she was wearing a deep black T-shirt underneath her red jacket, with a low neckline that revealed her cleavage and firm breasts that pushed the T-shirt up.
[422] "How do you like it?" Bao Shengren snapped out of his daze, this was the first time he heard her voice. It was a voice like a transparent glass ball.
[423] "Wow, you're amazing! I can't believe it," Bao Shengren sincerely praised her.
[424] "To be honest, this game is too difficult for you, old man," the girl said.
[425] Bao Shengren was a little annoyed by what she said, but after seeing the huge gap between their performances, he couldn't help but admit that at his age, he couldn't compete with young people in terms of reflexes. The girl sat in the driver's seat and looked Bao Shengren up and down, finally nodding and saying, "I said, old man, please treat me to something to eat."
[426] It seemed that she had memorized this line well and had said it to strangers before.
[427] "If you change the way you address me, I might consider it."
[428] "I know, I'll change it to 'big---uncle---uncle'."
[429] Péngshēng rěn unconsciously laughed, what an interesting girl.
[430] If it were this girl -- no, this little girl, perhaps she could make me fall in love with her, from the bottom of my heart -- just like I love Jīngténg zuǒzhìzǐ.
[431] 3 February Ya Zi
[432] Ya Zi put the plastic bag back into the trash can with trembling hands, as if running away from the house. She had no mood to restore the room to a state where her son would not discover her presence. She turned on the vacuum cleaner and randomly cleaned the entire house, then hung up the washed clothes, and after all the household chores were done, her heart was still beating wildly.
[433] Should I talk to my husband about this? If I do, what should I say? Should I say that I found a package of animal-like blood in my son's trash can? What would my husband say? He would probably not pay any attention to me at first, and then say "just let it go" with a sentence.
[434] She couldn't ask her son like this, asking him would mean directly telling him that she had been checking his room for years, even his trash cans. Although Ya Zi never felt that what she did was wrong, she didn't want her son to know about it. Her son might not understand her actions, might not understand that she did it because she loved him. If he knew about it, he might hate her for the rest of his life, which is something Ya Zi couldn't accept.
[435] She turned on the TV in the living room, staring blankly at the screen without knowing what she was watching. At 5 o'clock, her daughter Xia Ai came back. She was only a year younger than her brother, very pretty, and even considered attractive by outsiders. She was also very outgoing and a very friendly girl. She was now a college student, studying hard to prepare for the upcoming final exams. Although Ya Zi hadn't seen her daughter studying hard, her grades were always good. Ya Zi was completely at ease with her daughter.
[436] "How was the exam?" Yoko asked. Aiko replied with an OK gesture. She put down her backpack and held a white plastic bag with a supermarket label in her other hand. She walked into the kitchen and put the bag on the table, saying, "I'll make dinner today."
[437] Yoko was surprised.
[438] "What? You don't have to, you still have a few exams to take."
[439] "I just want to make something to change my mood, and it's so cold outside that I really want to eat some hot cheese sauce on vegetables. I kept thinking about it and couldn't resist."
[440] However, Yoko didn't really listen to what her daughter said after that, as the TV was broadcasting news about a murder case.
[441] "At around 11:00 this morning, the police found a female corpse in a hotel in Mount Qing. Based on the investigation of this case, the police station identified it as a murder case and decided to establish a search headquarters at Sugao Police Station to investigate. Moreover, due to the similarity between the murderer's methods in this case and the murder of Kanagi Yuria, who was killed last month in Shinjuku, the police believe that these two cases may be committed by the same murderer."
[442] Because this was a tragic event that occurred during the New Year's holiday, Yoko remembered it vividly. Yes, it was reported that the breasts of the murdered girl were cut off by the killer. Yoko was shocked and wondered if the killer planned to take them home. After all, why would someone bring such a thing home...
[443] Suddenly, Yoko felt as if a crimson curtain had covered her eyes, and everything went dark in front of her.
[444] "Mom! Mom, what's wrong?"
[445] Yoko was shaken by her daughter, and she came back to her senses. She turned her head to the television and found that the news had ended. It seemed that she had been in a daze for about one to two minutes.
[446] "What's wrong with you, Mom? You look terrible. Why don't you go to bed and rest?"
[447] Yoko was about to say "There's no need for that" when a strange chill ran through her body. Yoko couldn't help but tremble all over. She felt her forehead was getting hot and when she tried to stand up, she found that her legs were trembling uncontrollably.
[448] "I... maybe. I think I have a cold. I'll take some medicine and go lie down for a while."
[449] Yoko tried to brush it off, but at that moment, countless fragments of thoughts were dancing and spinning in her mind, though they didn't form coherent sentences.
[450] Plastic bag... last night was very late... when did that child come home? Blood... breasts... my son... family... happiness... eat... continuously... blood... covered with... my son... my son... my son... my son!...
[451] Yoko stood up, intending to leave the living room, but suddenly she felt dizzy and the room started spinning. She had to lean against the living room's pillar to support herself.
[452] "Mom! Are you okay?"
[453] She grabbed her daughter's hand and with great effort, she managed to make her way to her bedroom. Yoko took some medicine and crawled into the bed. Exhausted, she fell asleep almost immediately. However, even in her sleep, Yoko didn't find any peace. She had a nightmare.
[454] Yoko woke up with a loud scream at around 8 o'clock, startled by her nightmare. She couldn't remember the content of her dream. She was covered in sweat, and even the blanket was almost soaked.
[455] Yoko sat half on the bed, trying to recall: Nightmare... Which parts were dreams and which were reality? The blood bag found in that child's room... Was that a dream? The murder case—was that news report a dream?
[456] She listened carefully to the sounds coming from the living room. It was the TV, with people's voices mixed in. Dinner must have been prepared by Little Love.
[457] She wriggled out of the covers and put on the open-front woolen sweater she had taken off before bed. She sat in front of the dressing table to comb her hair, which had been disheveled during sleep, before stepping out of the room.
[458] It was an unusual sight—the whole family was in the living room. However, except for Little Love occasionally speaking, everyone else remained silent, watching the TV.
[459] As soon as Yoko appeared, everyone looked up at her.
[460] "Oh, you're up. That's rare, considering you're usually not sick," her husband said. Yoko didn't hear any concern in his words. She didn't expect him to say anything caring, so she wasn't too upset. The only thing she cared about now was the plastic bag and the murder case. Was it really just a nightmare? --- No, it wasn't. Yoko now knew that the incident with the plastic bag was real.
[461] I was in the child's room, touching the bloody... I don't know what it was, but I smelled its smell.
[462] She glanced at her son, and as soon as their eyes met, he turned his back and stared fixedly at the TV screen. At that moment, the TV was playing a boring advertisement for snacks, an ad that had been playing repeatedly without end, making people annoyed.
[463] Yazi originally planned to lock herself in the kitchen to wash the dishes, but Xia'ai had already done the dishes, and there was only a dish that Xia'ai had specially left for her, which was not yet baked.
[464] "Thank you, Xia'ai." Yazi said to the direction of the living room, but she found that she had no appetite, so she wrapped the milk-baked dish in plastic wrap and put it in the refrigerator.
[465] "You're welcome, Mom. I was planning to cook dinner tonight anyway. By the way, are you okay?"
[466] Yasuko was moved to tears when she heard her daughter's concern. It was just a plastic bag with blood on it. Why was she so nervous? Why did she feel like she would lose this stable home because of that thing? It wouldn't happen. Her children, her family, her happiness, would never disappear. I will never lose them. No matter what happens...
[467] No matter what...
[468] Chapter 04
[469] 1 February Tachikawa
[470] Tachikawa wondered who said "February is short" as he endured each day. The days of February seemed to drag on without end, and Tachikawa felt like spring would never come. It wasn't because of the cold weather. He didn't care about the weather anymore.
[471] It turns out that Iseki Miyuki had always had those feelings for me...
[472] I knew about her feelings.
[473] I knew about her feelings for me. I've always known, but I deceived her and deceived myself.
[474] That night was the same.
[475] That night, Miyuki lingered at Tonegawa's house until late, which was unusual. She usually left by 7 PM after having dinner with Tonegawa and chatting for a while. On that day, she didn't leave until 8 PM after finishing dinner, and it was already 9 PM. Tonegawa said he would clean up himself so that Miyuki could go home earlier.
[476] "It's dangerous to go back late at night. I'll call you a taxi."
[477] Higuchi was about to make a call, but Miyuki stopped him. She said she wanted to watch a TV program she really wanted to see, "Let me watch it here." Higuchi had no choice but to sit down and watch it with her. It was a boring love-themed TV show that he didn't think had anything to attract her, and in fact, from the way she watched the show, she didn't seem interested in it. At 10 pm, the TV show finally ended, but she didn't seem in a hurry to leave. Until the taxi Higuchi had secretly called arrived, she didn't even show any intention of putting on her coat. When Miyuki walked out of the entrance, she turned around and looked at Higuchi. Higuchi didn't look at her because he could imagine the kind of look she would give him. That kind of look he had seen many times before, and he really didn't want to see her injured look.
[478] And now, he will never have the chance to see her sorrowful eyes again.
[479] Since Higuchi had called a taxi for Miyuki, the police ruled out his suspicion of murder. He told the taxi company's name to Naito, and the search headquarters immediately received a report confirming Higuchi's statement. The taxi driver testified that he had indeed received Higuchi's call and had taken a lady to Roppongi.
[480] Roppongi. The police believed that Miyuki had taken a taxi to Roppongi and met the killer by chance in a nightclub. After clearing Higuchi's innocence, the police began to lean towards the theory that a man who happened to pass by that night had killed Miyuki. Since there was no connection found between Miyuki's murder and the murdered girl's murder in January, the police's inference was quite reasonable.
[481] Taki initially couldn't agree with the police's judgment because in his mind, Minako was not the kind of woman who would go to a hotel with a stranger. She would never do that.
[482] However, with the passage of time and the development of the case, he became more and more confused. No, actually, he had already known in his heart why he did it. That night, Minako realized that Taki could never accept her, and she was very painful. She must have wanted to forget everything. Taki didn't know if she initially planned to get drunk at a bar or find a man to spend the sad night with her. In any case, Minako drew the worst card in her life at the worst time.
[483] The man she turned to forget Taki was a sadistic killer.
[484] It was reported that the killer strangled her with something like a belt and raped her repeatedly before cutting off her breasts and opening her abdomen. Even Taki, who had been a police officer, was shocked by Naito's detailed report. He finally realized that there was such a terrifying beast lurking in the dark corners of Tokyo, the international metropolis.
[485] There was one thing that troubled Taki. On the second day after the discovery of the body, the media somehow found out Minako's whereabouts that day
[486] It all started with a phone call.
[487] Higuchi had hardly slept during this period, and he would wake up semi-conscious every time the sun rose. He didn't mind the poor sleep quality too much, but he was more concerned about his age. Whenever he thought about joining the ranks of the elderly soon, Higuchi felt very depressed.
[488] So when Higuchi heard the phone ringing at his house at 6:30 a.m. - a time when no one should be calling - he had already gotten up. Although he was somewhat surprised, he was not too angry.
[489] The person who called was a tabloid reporter from a newspaper known for its gossip. The person introduced himself as Mr. Yabu. Higuchi knew several people named Yabu, and he couldn't figure out which one it was. However, the other party seemed to be quite familiar with him.
[490] "Long time no see. Please accept my condolences on this unfortunate incident."
[491] In that instant, Hikokubo realized that his relationship with Minako had undoubtedly been discovered.
[492] He needed to answer carefully, cautioning himself repeatedly in his mind as sweat dripped from his hand holding the phone.
[493] "…I'm not sure what you mean by 'misfortune'."
[494] In that moment, Hikokubo finally remembered. Sagawa… He thought the name was either Shin'ichi or Shin'ichirō. He couldn't recall the exact kanji, but he vividly remembered his appearance. Tall, dark-skinned, with distinct facial features that resembled a mix of races, he exuded an indescribable aura. Rather than being handsome, he carried an inexplicable presence about him. Hikokubo remembered meeting him for the first time when he was in his mid-twenties, and now, he guessed, he would be approaching forty. It had been around five years since they last met, with no contact in between.
[495] "How can you not know what I'm talking about? You knew the woman who was killed yesterday, didn't you?"
[496] Indeed, he knew everything. Although Shikou knew that this would eventually be revealed, he never thought it would happen so quickly. Fortunately, he had already cleared his name, otherwise, he wouldn't know what they would write about him.
[497] "Yes, I do know her, but we weren't that close."
[498] "Oh, is that so? It's said that she came to your house the night she was killed."
[499] Shikou had no words, and the other party continued in a very casual tone: "If you weren't close enough, a young girl wouldn't come to your house at night, would she?"
[500] This man didn't know that the words he just said were the most painful to Shikou's conscience. Shikou tried to suppress his emotions and continued to play dumb: "Who knows? I don't have much research on women's psychology… If you don't have anything important, I'll hang up the phone."
[501] "Don't hang up! Please wait! Mr. Taki, your former colleagues even suspected you as a suspect. Don't you feel angry at all?"
[502] "My suspicion has been cleared, and that's their job…"
[503] "What? Your suspicion has been cleared? How is that possible?"
[504] Seeing his excitement, he must not know the news yet. Taki thought for a moment, thinking that it would probably be written as a news report anyway, so it would be better not to let people write him as a suspect. So Taki said the name of the taxi company, just as the doorbell rang at his house.
[505] "It seems that someone has come. I'll hang up the phone first."
[506] "Probably other media people, you'd better prepare yourself mentally..." Quito said sarcastically.
[507] Both of them put down the receiver without saying goodbye. Inoue looked towards the entrance, lost in thought. Whenever he started investigating important cases, there would always be a few reporters who would come to get the news before other newspapers, rushing over early in the morning to get the scoop. They usually called this "night pursuit morning chase." They would wait at the entrance to the police station to get the news before the detectives went to work in the morning, and they would even come to the detectives' homes late at night to continue digging for information. Detectives are people too, and they often accidentally reveal confidential information that cannot be made public or quietly tell it to reporters they are on good terms with. These annoying people, of course, have no time to visit retired detectives, except for a few reporters who are good friends with Inoue attended his wife Mei's farewell ceremony. It has been five or six years since then, and no one has visited him since then. Unexpectedly, Inoue has become the focus of reporters because of such a thing...
[508] The doorbell kept ringing, and the phone inside followed suit. Inoue changed out of the casual clothes he was wearing at home and put on a coat before heading to the entrance.
[509] Looking through the peephole, there were five or six reporters and photographers gathered in the corridor. From the number of people, it seems not all the media know the news.
[510] Inoue opened the door.
[511] A flash of magnesium light hit him in the face.
[512] Higuchi realized that these reporters weren't just there to gather information; he would probably be featured in the news himself.
[513] "Are you Higuchi Wakio? Are you Higuchi Wakio, formerly of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Detective Division?"
[514] Higuchi squinted and looked at the people in front of him. There were three photographers and three reporters holding notebooks. It seemed that only reporters from newspapers had the news, and television stations didn't know yet.
[515] "Who are you?" Higuchi asked, trying not to show his fear to the reporters.
[516] Three people introduced themselves, stating the name of their respective newspapers and their names, but Taki could not remember them all.
[517] "It is said that Miss Shima was at your residence before the incident. Is that true?" A sharp-tongued reporter spoke up first, as if speaking for the three of them. The reporter appeared to be about the same height as Taki, but much heavier. He looked to be around thirty-five or thirty-six years old, but Taki felt he was probably only just entering his thirties, despite the added weight.
[518] Higuchi observed him for a moment, paused, and then spoke: "Yes, that's right. But...".
[519] The man seemed unwilling to let Taki continue explaining, and persisted in asking questions regardless.
[520] "What is your relationship with the victim?"
[521] Taki heard the elevator door open and footsteps echoing down the hallway. It seemed that more reporters were on their way. He thought to himself that answering their questions back and forth would be too much trouble, and having so many reporters gathered at his door would be bad for his neighbors, making them think something had happened at his place.
[522] "What was your relationship with the victim?" He repeated.
[523] A new reporter joined the throng, panting and taking several photos of Taki. Taki shouted, "I'm going outside to answer your questions. Please come downstairs."
[524] Taki headed for the elevator, followed by the reporters, who occasionally took pictures. Taki thought the reporters might just be taking precautions, but from the current situation, it didn't look good. If he were ever arrested, these photos might end up in newspapers and magazines...
[525] Arrested? It was ridiculous. The police had confirmed his alibi, so how could he be arrested?
[526] Hei-ko nodded slightly and slowly stepped into the elevator. The reporters who missed the elevator rushed towards the stairs. Hei-ko stopped at the staircase leading to the foyer filled with mailboxes, allowing the reporters surrounding him to ask questions.
[527] "Do you know Ms. Shima Kayo?"
[528] "It's said that you are in a relationship with Ms. Shima Kayo. Is that true?"
[529] "What is your relationship with the victim?"
[530] "Ms. Shima Kayo on the night of the incident..."
[531] In the midst of the flood of questions, Hikita could only hear two or three, so he decided to answer on his own.
[532] "Ms. Shimauchi was the nurse who took care of my wife when she was hospitalized. After my wife passed away, Ms. Shimauchi was concerned about me and would occasionally come to check on my condition. In other words, she is my benefactor, and we both received Ms. Shimauchi's care and attention. She was... she was once my very important friend."
[533] A reporter asked a question while Hikita was speaking, but he ignored it.
[534] "Therefore, I greatly hate the killer who killed Ms. Shimauchi. I hope the police can quickly catch the murderer."
[535] "It is said that Ms. Shimauchi stayed at your house that night. Is that true?" one reporter shouted. Hikita's face immediately turned red upon hearing this.
[536] "Nonsense! Who told you that? At around 10 pm that night, I called a taxi company to send her home. The police have already investigated this."
[537] "Which taxi company was it?" the reporters continued to ask, seemingly unfazed by his anger. Taki managed to suppress his anger and gave the name of the taxi company.
[538] "I've said all I need to say. Please leave now." Taki turned and walked away, but another reporter asked a question, causing him to stop.
[539] "Mr. Taki, as an expert in solving murder cases, we would like to hear your opinion on this case."
[540] Taki slowly turned around on the stairs, and all the reporters watched him intently. The reporter who had just asked the question lowered his voice and continued, "You were a detective in the Homicide Section of the Metropolitan Police Department about five years ago, right? You've handled many murder cases. In your opinion, is the killer of Isuzu-san the same person who killed the girl in January? Are both cases the work of the same person?"
[541] Watanabe carefully organized his thoughts before answering, "I am just an ordinary citizen now, without the right to speculate on the case."
[542] "But you have been involved in solving many murder cases, so saying you are an ordinary citizen seems a bit..."
[543] "I'll rephrase that. I am a retired police officer, and because of that, I am not an ordinary citizen, so I shouldn't make any hasty comments about matters related to the police investigation. Is that okay?"
[544] The crowd of reporters murmured in discontent, and some even clicked their tongues.
[545] "However, we believe that as a former detective, you must have handled similar bizarre murder cases. Based on your experience, what kind of person do you think the killer of this case is?" Watanabe noticed that the reporter had changed his address to "detective," but he did not feel any discomfort.
[546] The first case that came to his mind was the case he had handled before -- the continuous child murder case that caused a sensation in Japan several years ago. It was a case that could be described as a nightmare from every aspect. The case itself was a nightmare, and the police lost the public's trust in the process. The media's misreporting due to overconfidence, the exaggerated coverage of the killer's arrest, and the public's excessive reaction to the regulation of horror movies all qualified as nightmares. It was all like a nightmare on a summer night.
[547] Fukuchi spoke without carefully choosing his words: "If these two cases were committed by the same killer, I believe the killer is likely to be a sexually deviant person."
[548] "It is said that the killer took part of the victim's body, how do you explain that?" a reporter asked.
[549] "I don't know about that."
[550] "Did the killer take it back to eat it?"
[551] Everyone present fell into a sudden silence, turning to look at the reporter who had just asked the question. The reporter was from a local magazine in Tokyo. He noticed that he had become the focus of attention, with everyone looking at him, and he lowered his head a little awkwardly.
[552] This question had been lurking in everyone's minds, hidden in a corner, but no one wanted to say it out loud.
[553] Higuchi couldn't help but smile bitterly, but at the same time, he began to reconsider the possibility of this answer in his mind. The serial killer of young girls who was arrested indeed claimed to have eaten parts of the girl's body. Could there be any connection?
[554] "In my opinion, there are many possibilities, but I don't know which one it is."
[555] "Will the killer continue to commit crimes?" asked a voice from another direction.
[556] "The answer to this question only the killer himself knows. However, based on common sense, there is a high probability that such a perverse crime will continue. ... So, that's it for today. I won't be able to provide any new information if you keep asking."
[557] The interviewing crowd finally agreed to let Wakimoto go home. He returned to his house, where the phone on the table rang relentlessly. He decided then and there: he wouldn't answer any calls today, and he wouldn't open the door if someone rang the bell. He ripped the phone line out, and a sudden silence that made him shudder enveloped him. He recalled the commotion and excitement from earlier, feeling as if it had all been a dream.
[558] He felt a bit hungry, so he cooked and ate a bag of instant noodles.
[559] It wasn't until he had read the evening newspaper that Wakimoto realized how hasty he had been.
[560] The evening newspaper, although smaller in size than the morning one, was still filled with a whole page of coverage. Following the reports that were similar to those in the morning paper, there was an article titled "Conversation with A-san, a former detective from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department (age 65): 'The killer is likely a perverted person with a tendency to repeat his crimes. If he is not caught soon, more victims may be harmed.'"
[561] He chided himself for speaking irresponsibly after hearing someone call him "police chief" a few times.
[562] Indeed, after this news report, people would think he was criticizing the police for their ineffective investigation. Moreover, as a "former police chief," it was not appropriate for him to say "the killer is perverted and eccentric" before the official announcement from the police.
[563] Although the newspaper did not write his real name, it was actually quite obvious to his former colleagues - it could only be Taki. He was worried that the relationship between him and them would deteriorate because of this report, so he quickly remembered to check other reports. He changed his clothes and rushed out the door. The outside world had not changed much. It seemed that Taki had no news value, so the people who had not attended the "press conference" in the morning did not wait for him at his doorstep.
[564] Taki walked to the train station and bought all the evening newspapers, gossip magazines, and sports newspapers he could find from the newsstand.
[565] He took out one and opened it, and Taki couldn't help but gasp. His real name was actually published in the newspaper. With the situation now, he could no longer hide his identity and had to give up. The most infuriating thing was a sports newspaper that had not attended the "press conference" in the morning but had this line in their report:
[566] "The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Investigation Headquarters is currently investigating the person who was with the victim on the night of the incident, a former Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department Inspector."
[567] Although other parts of the newspaper did not explicitly write it, readers would certainly think that the police now consider him a suspect after reading such a report. It was another half-truth report, and the reporting style made Taki even more frustrated. These newspapers would never admit their mistakes, and even if they did follow-up reporting to make up for their previous mistakes, they could not change the preconceived notions of readers who had read the previous reports.
[568] At this point, with the hype from the newspapers that published his real name, the residents near him would certainly realize that the person mentioned in the newspaper was him. Moreover, the phrase "together on the night of the incident" could also be interpreted as that Minako stayed here that night. To think that Minako would be written in a sensationalized manner by those gossip magazines, Taki felt ashamed. And once such a report appeared, it would surely anger Minako's family...
[569] All of this is my fault. What I did was no different from killing and humiliating her.
[570] Taki's hands holding the newspaper trembled, and the rough photo of Minako in the newspaper seemed to shake its head at him. Taki stared at the photo motionlessly in order to redeem himself. But all he could see was the face of Ishimura, and he couldn't find Minako's face in his mind.
[571] At 11 pm, Saito went straight to bed without eating anything. He thought he wouldn't be able to sleep, but instead, he quickly entered a light sleep state. In his dream, he kept twisting his body on top of a woman, invading her, but he couldn't see her face clearly. It was blurry, and he couldn't tell if it was Mei or Sensu or Isomura.
[572] Over and over again, over and over again, over and over again.
[573] He then tightened the woman's neck while laughing.
[574] January 2nd, Frustration
[575] "The weather is good... so cold!"
[576] As soon as she stepped out of the arcade, the girl named Tsubasa loudly whined in a coquettish tone, hooking her arm around Taki's. She didn't care that her breasts were completely pressed against Taki's arm.
[577] "You must be freezing in this weather with that outfit on. We should find a store and go inside. What do you want to eat?" Taki asked her gently.
[578] Taki was surprised that he could say such gentle and caring words without even realizing it.
[579] "I want a full Italian meal! ... Just kidding. I'll eat anything. I haven't eaten anything today, actually."
[580] "You don't have any money on you? Are you running away from home?"
[581]Kougenin was not trying to lecture her, but the girl shrugged, "That's none of your business! Are you going to treat me to dinner or not?"
[582]"Of course, I'll treat you. You can have a full Italian meal, or anything you want."
[583]"It's too cheap compared to what I'm going to take from you later."
[584]"You said that was a joke, right? You don't seem like a rich person to me."
[585]During his recent walks, Kougenin would carry at least 400,000 yen in cash with him, and if that wasn't enough, he had credit cards to use. However, if he were to spend the night with Yuriha, just like he did with Jougasaki Saeko, he wouldn't use his credit cards, even if the hotel allowed it. He wasn't afraid of being arrested, but he didn't want to leave his name with her.
[586] Pú Shēng Rěn remembered a Italian restaurant he had been to before, located across the street from Jìng Guó Dàdào in a tall building, so he dragged Hè Lǐxiāng there a bit forcefully. He was a little worried that the restaurant might be on holiday, but it seems he was overthinking it. The restaurant's price is not high, and at this time, the store is full of young couples.
[587] After Pú Shēng Rěn and Hè Lǐxiāng found a seat, Hè Lǐxiāng opened the menu handed to her by the waiter.
[588] "Wow - you know such a good place. Have you eaten with someone here before? Is it with her?"
[589]"No, I haven't eaten with her..." (Note: Here, H è L) ǐ Xi ā Ng is asking if P ú Sh ē Ng R ě N has eaten with "that woman" before "That woman" in Japanese has both the meaning of "she" and "girlfriend" So P ú Sh ē Ng R ě N initial thought H è L ǐ Xi ā Ng was talking about J ī Ng T ō Ng S ā  Zh ì z ǐ,  But H è L ǐ Xi ā Ng actually means "girlfriend"
[590] Hè Lǐxiāng didn't seem to notice the fluctuations in his heart.
[591] "Ha-ha---you have a girlfriend?---Hey, won't she be jealous if she sees you eating with me here?"
[592] "…Probably, she will be jealous if she sees her boyfriend eating with a girl who is cuter than her." Péngshēngnìn continued the conversation.
[593] Hùlǐxiāng smiled happily upon hearing this.
[594] "Really? Then if we go to a hotel later, she'll probably spill a whole jar of vinegar!"
[595] "Going to a hotel? That would be serious consequences. I would be shaking all over just thinking about it. If the truth about going to a hotel comes out, I might not even have a life to live." Péngshēngnìn pretended to be very afraid and shivering.
[596] Kurilox watched his performance and laughed hard.
[597] "If exposed, right?"
[598] "Yes, if exposed."
[599] At this moment, the waiter came over, and Pu Sheng quickly pretended to be looking at the menu. The menu had three sets of Italian cuisine priced at 5,000 yen, 6,000 yen, and 7,000 yen, and Pu Sheng ordered two sets of 6,000 yen.
[600] As soon as the dishes were served, the girl started to wolf them down, as if she hadn't eaten anything since morning. Seeing that she still seemed hungry, Pu Sheng gave her half of his own dish. After all, he didn't have much appetite. All his blood was concentrated in the lower half of his body, and there was no energy left to digest food.
[601] "You really haven't eaten anything from morning till evening, have you?" Fushimi Ren asked in surprise, to which the girl just shrugged her shoulders.
[602] "I have a big appetite anyway... but don't worry, I'm full."
[603] Despite her words, the girl cleared the dessert of mousse and ice cream, even finishing off Fushimi Ren's portion.
[604] "True---open---heart---ah---"
[605] Riri licked her lips and pouted. Fushimi Ren watched her, trying to control his impulsive emotions.
[606] "You don't have a place to sleep tonight, do you?"
[607] The girl looked at the floor and nodded.
[608] "Then spend the night with me - I'll take you to heaven."
[609] At 8 pm, Shougen Nen stopped walking after leaving the building.
[610] He heard the song. The song that echoed throughout the room when he killed Koujiro. Shougen Nen looked around and it seemed that the song was coming from a store's wire broadcast.
[611] "Do you know what song this is?" he asked Fuyuki.
[612] "Ah... isn't that a song by Okumura Takako?"
[613] At that moment, an idea struck Bosei Ren. He quickly rushed into a nearby record store, found a CD album that included the song, then went to an electronics store that sells cheap devices and bought the cheapest CD player, along with extra headphones and a two-ear jack.
[614] Everything was ready. Now we can listen to this song and enjoy each other's company.
[615] "So, you like Okumura Takako, huh, Mr. Bosei Ren?" Fuyuki said, sounding both impressed and surprised.
[616] "You don't?" Fujisawa Nen looked at her in surprise. He couldn't believe that someone could dislike such a great song.
[617] "I don't dislike it, it's just that I usually listen to fast-paced songs," Yuria replied.
[618] Fujisawa Nen thought that the girl probably only listened to rock music and had never really listened to this song. However, if they were just listening to the background music here, she wouldn't truly appreciate the beauty of the song. To let her truly understand its charm, Fujisawa Nen quickened his search for a hotel.
[619] To his surprise, as soon as they found a hotel and entered the room, Yuria called out to take a bath.
[620] "I'm freezing, and I don't want to take a shower. You can come in and join me," the girl said, sending him a flirtatious glance. Fujisawa Nen thought that it would be nice to wash up together since they would both be cleaner, and he didn't mind waiting for her to finish. So, he went to the bathroom to start filling the bathtub.
[621] It took some time to fill the bathtub with water, so Bolegen opened the CD player's packaging, read the instructions, and tried it out. Although the sound quality of the earphones could not be compared to that of the speakers, it was much better than he had imagined. The sound quality of CDs is different from that of tapes. He looked at the lyrics and song list and found the song's location. He started listening from the first song in order. Every song by Kamura Takayuki is great. As a result, the two of them sat on the bed, listening to the songs and waiting for the bathtub to fill up with water.
[622] Bolegen was a little disappointed because he saw Tsubasa showing no particular emotion.
[623] Maybe she doesn't understand what true love is yet. Soon, soon she will understand.
[624] The room was hot, and Tsubasa had taken off her jacket, leaving only a T-shirt. Bolegen didn't get up, still sitting on the bed, and reached out to pull off her T-shirt. The girl was indeed not wearing a bra, and her shaking breasts were directly exposed in front of him.
[625] The color of her nipples was as pink as cherry blossoms, making Bolegen unable to confirm whether this scene was a dream or not. This was the most pure and beautiful pair of breasts he had ever seen, and he couldn't help but secretly rejoice in his heart that she must have had fewer men than she looked like.
[626] "No, don't! Don't!" The girl laughs and covers her breasts with her hands, rolling over on the bed and escaping from his grasp.
[627] "You said you wanted to take a bath, so I'm helping you take off your clothes."
[628] Rihong is left with only a skirt. Boshengnian intends to grab her again, but she runs into the bathroom and locks the bathroom door from the inside. Boshengnian stands at the bathroom door and calls for her to open it, then knocks on the door. However, the bathroom echoes with the girl's humming, indicating that she is already lying in the bathtub enjoying herself.
[629] Boshengnian cannot open the door, so he lies back on the bed, but he is happy because he hears Rihong humming the melody of the song they just listened to. He puts on headphones and continues to listen to the CD. The melody of each song on this album is very easy to remember, and even after listening to it once, it can be easily hummed.
[630] After falling in love, the noisy wind blows up.
[631] The angels that are about to separate panic and hover around me
[632] Nagi imagines the naked body of the girl stretching out in the bathtub, but the image is quickly replaced by the body of Kuroyama Saeko. The body that is completely exposed to him, the body that he can do anything with.
[633] It's a body that doesn't resist, doesn't make a sound, and doesn't move
[634] It's an angel made of hard, cold marble
[635] Nagi dislikes women who scream and writhe around during sex. When he faces such a woman, he loses interest and becomes impotent. He only finds quiet women interesting. With these women, even if he doesn't really like them, he will embrace them and make love to them if they are willing. However, it seems that there are several quiet women among them who have a sexual dysfunction, but of the type that doesn't achieve orgasm.
[636]Sexual intercourse between men and women is a behavior that is only allowed by God, but to make wild animal-like cries and abandon one's reputation and indulge in momentary physical pleasure is a shameful act that defiles true love.
[637]Yes, that's right. A real woman, no, a truly beautiful woman should always show the firmness of marble. The cold and hard glow is awe-inspiring, and it absolutely does not allow vulgar men to approach. Only those chosen by God, those chosen by God, can approach.
[638]The crystal-like singing that came from the headphones radiated a hard light. Perhaps that was the reason why I remembered the singer and couldn't forget him. It must be like that. When touching a woman made of marble, her music is indispensable.
[639]Polegen Nen, although wearing headphones, still heard a click, the sound of the door opening. With the opening of the bathroom door, a white mist rushed out instantly. The girl's face showed a shy smile and slowly walked out of the bathroom. She wrapped a towel around her chest and seemed to have washed her hair. The ponytail that was tied up before was now loose, emitting a wet and shiny glow.
[640]The girl's legs slowly emerged from under the towel. Her legs were extremely even and long, which made Polegen Nen recall the Barbie doll he used to hold when he was a little girl. Polegen Nen swallowed his saliva, shifted his body, and tapped the bed to indicate her to come over. Kirihara quickly ran over and jumped into the bed. Polegen Nen also lay down and crawled into the bed, putting the other earphone on the girl's hand that was placed on his chest. The CD player was set to loop playback, and it had already played twice and was now playing the third time. He guided the girl's hand that was placed on his chest to his already excited lower body.
[641] The girl's smile becomes stiff and unnatural, but she still pulls down the zipper and puts her hand into his pants, touching his penis through his underwear. The girl seems to want to further caress his hot and swollen thing with her mouth, so she moves her body towards his lower body. The headphones on her head are getting looser and are about to fall off. Beisheng Ren sees this and quickly holds the girl, shaking his head slowly. He doesn't want her to give him oral sex.
[642] Beisheng Ren sings along with the music while pulling down the girl's towel. The girl's fair and tender skin is smoother and more elastic than Jiang Tong Zaoki's. He wanted to strangle her immediately, but facing such an alluring body, he thought it would be nice to enjoy her while she's alive.
[643] Beisheng Ren pours all his passion into the girl, slowly caressing her with his hands and mouth on the smooth and transparent skin, not missing any inch of skin, carefully caressing her. The girl begins to make slight moans. Under Beisheng Ren's patient caress, half an hour later, the girl finally moistens up. Beisheng Ren sees this and immediately undoes his belt and takes off his pants, raising his penis to enter the girl's body.
[644] "Wait a minute! ... Can you please put on that thing? It's safer for both of us, right?"
[645] It seems that Hikari has been holding the condom in her hand all along. After saying that, she immediately reaches out and hands a condom to Beisheng Ren's eyes. Beisheng Ren is not very attached to "sex" itself, and not leaving his semen is definitely safer. So he happily puts on the condom and directly inserts it into the girl's body.
[646] "Ouch! Slow down, please!"
[647] "Ah, sorry... Is this your first time?"
[648] The girl shook her head and said, "No, it's not really my first time."
[649] It turned out that he was right. She didn't have much sexual experience. Nagao suppressed his excitement and stopped swaying his waist, starting to explore the girl's body with his hands.
[650] White neck, flat side abdomen, then full breasts. Nagao continued to caress the girl's body while maintaining the state of insertion. The girl began to feel a bit itchy at first, but under his gentle caresses, her body began to twist with excitement.
[651] At this time, Pusen Ning's ear heard that song.
[652] That song tells me what true love is, that song makes me reborn.
[653] Please don't give up your dreams.
[654] "Ah, so good... such a strange feeling..."
[655] The girl's moans made Pusen Ning miss his favorite part, and he slightly displeased her mouth with his hand.
[656] I treated you well with good food and drink, and let you enjoy a hot bath in the bathtub. You enjoyed it for a while, so it's time for me to enjoy it too. Pusena Ren thought, moving his hand from covering her mouth to her neck. At this moment, his gaze fell on the belt on the pants lying beside the bed.
[657] He saw the belt on the pants. It's still better to use a belt. When he was with Jiang Tong Zaishi, he didn't think much about this problem. It's better not to leave any handprints on the neck. He remembered that the police could extract fingerprints from human skin now.
[658] Pusena Ren kept his position and slightly shifted his body, reaching over to pull the belt from the pants. Ritsuko seemed to be enduring some intense pain, tightly closing her eyes and biting her lips.
[659] "Ah, no!"
[660] What a noisy and annoying woman, Pusena Ren grumbled in his mind.
[661] This girl is so noisy at such a young age. How can her moans not be heard by people outside the building when she's over twenty? Women are indeed a bother. Yes, living women are truly annoying.
[662] "Only dead women are good women."
[663] Pūshēnguìn couldn't help but recall a joke he had heard somewhere, laughing out loud. He maintained his penetration, smiling at the girl while wrapping the black belt around her neck with both hands. As the chorus's catchy phrase played, he tightened the belt.
[664] Please don't give up on your dreams.
[665] I like your lively and fiery gaze.
[666] The girl writhed on the bed like a shrimp caught in a net, and Púshēng Rěn felt his penis being pulled off. He pressed his whole body onto the girl and tightened the belt in his hand even more. The girl's neck, which was originally very slender, became as thin as a wrist under the belt's strangle. The skin on her neck also showed countless fine wrinkles like a plastic bag. She suddenly opened her eyes that had been tightly closed, and her pupils were filled with surprise and fear. Púshēng Rěn looked at this pair of beautiful eyes and suddenly felt a little apology for her in an instant.
[667] I have no intention of hurting you, absolutely not.
[668] However, this thought quickly disappeared along with the beautiful singing in his ear.
[669] Everything you choose
[670] I believe it's already waiting for you in the distance.
[671] Hidari Asuka convulsed violently, and Pusaka felt like his lower abdomen was being washed with hot water. It was the urine of the girl, and the pubic area where their genitals met was wet with the girl's fear.
[672] I don't feel dirty at all.
[673] At that moment, Pusaka realized that he had fallen in love with the girl in front of him, just as he had with Kawauchi Saki.
[674] After the girl's convulsions subsided, Pusaka began to move his waist. His penis, which had softened slightly due to distraction, immediately regained its vigor and became as hard as a knife piercing the girl's body. The girl tightly clung to Pusaka's "weapon," as if her lower half was still alive.
[675] Pusaka reached his climax in an instant, and his semen gushed out like it was being sucked out by the girl's body.
[676] He keeps ejaculating, ejaculating, and ejaculating in her body...
[677] Bosei Nen buries his face in her cleavage, filled with a sense of security and pleasure.
[678] He whispers to her, "I love you!"
[679] Bosei Nen knows that the girl must have felt his true love.
[680] 3 February, Yaiko
[681] It was dawn, and Ya Zi had not slept all night as she prepared breakfast in the kitchen. She tried to recall the events of the fourth of last month - the day when the news reported that the recent series of murders were likely the work of the same killer. If her son hadn't gone out that day, her worries would have been completely unfounded. Once the real culprit is apprehended by the police, she could tell the story as a joke at the neighborhood gossip meetings.
[682] January 4th? What day of the week was that? Ya Zi checked the calendar on the phone stand, which displayed the pages for January and February. The fourth was a Saturday. Ya Zi thought that if she started recalling from the beginning in order, she would surely find something.
[683] Of course, she could still remember many things from New Year's Eve. The whole family stayed up late on New Year's Eve, so it was only natural that they slept in late on January 1st. Ya Zi ate some of the New Year's Eve dishes she, her mother-in-law, and daughter had prepared, read the New Year's cards her friends had sent, and before she knew it, it was time for dinner. Thinking about it, Ya Zi was certain that no one had left the house that day.
[684] On the second day, it was just like every other year. The whole family went to Meiji Shrine for their first visit of the year early in the morning. In the evening, the husband invited a bunch of friends over, and they ate and drank at home. Ya Zi was so busy entertaining them that she didn't have time to pay attention to what the children were doing. -Well, if she couldn't remember that, it didn't matter. The key was what happened on the fourth of that month.
[685] On the third day... Ya Zi's mind went blank. She couldn't remember anything. The thread of thought quickly snapped.
[686] Suddenly, she remembered something and took out the family ledger from the drawer in her closet. Yaeko always meticulously tallied her expenses at the beginning of each month, so she thought checking the expenses from the fourth might reveal something.
[687] Yaeko found something. She had made some purchases on the fourth. First, she bought some groceries at a supermarket near her home, then she bought a V-neck wool sweater for her daughter at a department store's New Year's sale, and then she bought underwear and socks for her husband and son who didn't want to accompany her shopping.
[688] What about the evening? The problem was what happened that evening. She couldn't remember if her son was present during dinner, but she thought he should have been at home. Hmm, should I ask her husband if he remembers? No, he's the kind of person who doesn't care about his children at all, so he won't remember anything. However, during the New Year's holidays, children usually study hard for exams, so her son should have been at home.
[689] "Ping!" The whistling of the kettle brought Yaeko back to reality. It was almost seven o'clock. Her daughter, Sayuri, had said she had an early morning class today, so she should be up by now. Yaeko put a slice of toast in the toaster, sliced some cabbage and tomatoes, and made a sandwich for her daughter. She remembered that there was some leftover creamy vegetable dish from the night before, so she took it out of the fridge and put it in the microwave to heat it up. The girl would probably say she was afraid of getting fat and refuse to eat it, but she had to make her eat it. After all, the TV said that having a good breakfast wouldn't cause weight gain.
[690] Unexpectedly, Yaeko felt her eyes welling up with tears. It was ridiculous for her to worry about such trivial matters. As for our ordinary family, even if there were serious problems, they would at most be obesity or not being able to find a job. Crimes, especially murders, are so far-fetched that they wouldn't have anything to do with our children. Even if it were exaggerated, it wouldn't have anything to do with crimes, especially murders. What was wrong with me yesterday? I must have been the one with the problem. I even suspected that child. She's so gentle; how could she harm others?
[691] The son has been a good child who pays attention to caring for others since he was a child. He also has a good relationship with his sister, and if his sister wants his candy, he will happily share it with her. I wonder if they remember those days.
[692] When Yaiko was immersed in her slightly embellished memories, her daughter Xiaai interrupted her memories and walked into the living room, muttering "so cold, so cold," and immediately hid under the quilt on the warm table. Yaiko looked at her daughter's cheeks and firmly believed that their family would be able to live a stable and unchanged life every day.
[693] "Xiaai, are you going to eat on the warm table?"
[694] Daughter Xiaai is very similar to Yaiko, and she is also helpless against cold weather, suffering from cold hands and feet in winter.
[695] "Okay." Daughter Xiaai's answer was just as imagined, and Yaiko picked up the breakfast she had prepared and brought it to the warm table for her daughter.
[696] "This vegetable is from yesterday, isn't it? I made the creamed vegetables with so much effort, and you're just going to eat them? I told you I just need a sandwich for breakfast because I'm too fat."
[697] Koume's response was once again what Yasuko expected. Just as she was about to smile at her daughter, tears began to flow from her eyes.
[698] Koume was bewildered: "Mom, what's wrong?"
[699] "Nothing, I was just cutting onions." Yasuko covered her face and ran back to the kitchen.
[700] "Really? Sandwich with onions? No way..." Koume believed Yasuko's explanation and frowned as she poked at her salad with a fork.
[701] Ya Zi wiped away her tears from a place where the living room couldn't see, trying to hold back her sobs. She told her daughter, "Alright, eat that. Have a little more for breakfast, and you can eat less in the evening if you're worried about getting fat. Understood?"
[702] "Okay." Daughter answered.
[703] Daughter looked a bit dissatisfied but also seemed a little happy.
[704] Our family is fine, nothing bad has happened. Ya Zi told herself. Forget about all this.
[705] Ya Zi sent her daughter off and then turned on the rice cooker. She had to prepare rice for her husband and son every morning.
[706] It was a typical winter morning.
[707] Chapter 05
[708] 2nd Month, Tsumoto
[709] Tsumoto read the morning newspaper and learned that the wake for Iseki Minako was scheduled for the evening of the 8th, followed by the funeral on the 9th. This indicated that the autopsy had been completed and the body had been returned to the family.
[710] Tsumoto got up from the warm table and walked to the window, wiping the mist from the glass to clear the view. The sky was overcast with cold rain, making the street look even more polluted. Tsumoto suddenly felt a strong dislike for the street in front of him and the city of Tokyo, but this hatred quickly turned into emptiness and abandonment, disappearing with a sigh.
[711] If Tsubota attended Mizuki's farewell ceremony, what would her mother think? Would she kick him out again? Although Tsubota didn't keep track of the media's coverage of the incident, he believed there would be some reports in the newspapers that didn't consider the victim's family. Therefore, if he went again, Mizuki's family might treat him more nervously. Her mother didn't need to be mentioned, and even her sister, Fuu, probably couldn't receive him as calmly as before. If he caused a stir again, it would only provide good news material for the media that had been on high alert.
[712] Although he might make the media speculate if he didn't go, he finally decided to be more restrained and not go. However, when he thought that he wouldn't go to mourn Mizuki's spirit just for self-preservation, he hated himself even more and sighed.
[713] Did Mizuki really sacrifice her life for such a boring old man? Tsubota stared intently at his ghostly reflection on the glass. It was an old man who had lost everything and had become decrepit in both body and mind. This old man was still alive in this world, living uglily.
[714] It was too unfair of heaven. Why did such a young girl have to die for such a man? For me and this ugly old man, she fell into the abyss of death forever.
[715] You are too cruel, heaven.
[716] When Tetsu closes his eyes, a woman appears in front of him immediately. He can't tell who the woman is, but she is naked and being violated and raped. The woman's tragic screams are unbearable. He quickly opens his eyes, as if he is afraid that the phantom sound of her screams will chase him from hell, and hurriedly covers his ears with his hands.
[717] In the end, Tetsu did not attend the farewell ceremony. He spent the next two days in a daze in bed. The only things he has to survive on these days are instant noodles that he bought himself and some canned meat that Minako - the one who has already passed away - prepared for him before she died.
[718] Tetsu remembers something Minako often said.
[719] "Instant noodles are okay to eat occasionally, but eating them every day is not good. The salt content in instant noodles is too high. You can make the soup a little lighter by adding a little milk to it."
[720] Tetsu always tells her that this way of eating is too disgusting and that he will make it himself. "
[721] Several days after Miyuki's farewell ceremony, Higuchi suddenly remembered what she had said and decided to try making instant noodles according to her instructions. He poured some hot water, only half of the soy sauce flavoring, and then added a little milk. He put it on the stove to cook.
[722] An unpleasant smell that made him want to vomit immediately spread. He endured this nauseating feeling and ate all the instant noodles. The next day, he repeated the process, still eating everything. On the third day, he did the same. The instant noodles at home were finished, so he bought more to continue eating in this way.
[723] He felt that this way of eating was quite good after a while, but he knew that he did not continue eating it because it was delicious. He just wanted to atone for his sins.
[724] However, he knew that this did not count as atonement. He just didn't know what else he could do for Miyuki. He didn't know what else he could do for her.
[725] For Higuchi, the only way to keep in touch with the outside world after losing Miyuki was through television and newspapers. During this period of intentionally ignoring doorbell and phone ringing, the doorbell and phone gradually stopped ringing. Judging from the news reports, the police's investigation still had no breakthroughs.
[726] It's likely that the police are focusing on checking each person with a sexual crime record. Although Tokyo is a relatively safe city, there are still nearly 1,500 criminal incidents in Tokyo every year, and most of the suspects are arrested. The police are now not only focusing on tracing the alibis of sex offenders from the past five, even ten years, but also beginning to investigate unsolved cases with similar crime methods. If the police expand the investigation to other prefectures near Tokyo, the workload of this investigation will be further upgraded. If the police cannot find decisive evidence on the body, such as semen or evidence that can lock down the suspect, this case will become a headache for all the police officers. Moreover, since the victims of rape and indecent assault cases usually choose to keep silent and not report, the police cannot initiate an investigation. There are so many cases like this that no one can calculate the actual number. However, this case also has a high possibility of being committed by a first-time offender. Although not explicitly mentioned, the police are indeed eagerly waiting for the killer to strike again. Because if the killer fails to commit the crime, the police will have the victim's testimony, and if the victim is killed, the police will probably obtain new evidence or witness testimony at the scene. For example, the serial killer who murdered children, if he had quit in the middle or if his luck had been better and he had not been caught by a citizen, would he have been arrested in the end? Just thinking about it makes people shudder.
[727] However, Taki is not interested in these things and has not carefully considered this problem. It is only out of habit and his sense of obligation to Mizuki and her family that he thinks this way. Taki is now indifferent to his own life and does not care about the safety of others. The authority of the police, the safety of citizens, and the anger towards the perpetrators - these things are meaningless to Taki at the moment. The only emotions that fill his heart are anger at the unreasonable world and understanding.
[728] That's all there is.
[729] In a world without value, a person with no survival value is barely alive.
[730] This is a joke. Everything in the world is composed of a bunch of unfunny jokes. It's almost March, but the police's investigation has not made any progress. Taki continues to live on instant noodles like before. On the evening of the 27th, after finishing the last bag of instant noodles at home, Taki goes to the supermarket to buy instant noodles. While waiting in line at the checkout, he suddenly loses consciousness and falls down.
[731] Tachikawa wakes up to find himself lying on a hospital bed with an IV drip, with a woman who should have died sitting beside him with a worried expression.
[732] ".... Will you... forgive me?" Tachikawa murmurs in a muffled voice to the spirit.
[733] The spirit looks puzzled and tilts her head at him.
[734] "Forgive? What is there to forgive? Tachikawa-san has committed no crime."
[735] Tachikawa feels relieved and a warm feeling envelops his whole body, causing him to tear up. He closes his eyes again and falls asleep peacefully. Perhaps it is due to the side effects of the medication.
[736] When Taki opened his eyes again, the woman was still sitting beside him. He immediately realized that it wasn't Mizuki. She wasn't Mizuki, but Mizuki's younger sister - Fujiko. Fujiko wore a gray suit, and her long hair had been cut into a short style, resembling Mizuki, but Taki was certain that the woman in front of him was Fujiko, not Mizuki. He looked around and found himself in a communal hospital room. The beds were separated by curtains, so he didn't know how many patients were in the room or if there were any other patients in the other beds.
[737] Taki hesitated before asking, "…Did I…did I say something to you?"
[738] "Yes, you said something to me. Did you mistake me for my sister?"
[739] "…Ah, no, it was probably just a dream…"
[740] Taki's words seemed to confirm Fujiko's feelings, as she nodded several times before saying, "Actually, I came here for a request. I called your house several times, but no one answered, so I heard from the police that you collapsed yesterday…"
[741] So, that means it's February 28th today. The windows with drawn curtains were somewhat dim, and if the weather was not too bad, it should be dusk now. This means he had been unconscious for almost the whole day.
[742] "I'm sorry, do you know why I fainted?"
[743] Taki's question made Fujiko's face show a slight awkward expression. She answered, "I heard from the doctor that it was probably due to malnutrition…"
[744] Taki felt his face turn red. How embarrassing! She must have thought that the police pension was so low that he couldn't afford to eat properly.
[745] However, Fujiko continued, "Taki-san lives alone and has no one to take care of him, so it must be difficult for him to maintain a balanced diet. You must have a picky eating habit, right?"
[746] Kikuchi felt that he couldn't tell her that he had been living on instant noodles for this period of time.
[747] "…If it wasn't for your sister, you would have been in the hospital by now, just like this."
[748] Both fell silent, and the silence was so eerie that it was frightening. After a while, a few soft voices were heard from the other side of the curtain, as if one person was asking the other if they wanted an orange, and the corridor was filled with noise. Upon closer listening, footsteps could also be heard.
[749] Wakamatsu broke the silence and said, "You mentioned that you had something to ask me, what is it?"
[750] "…Did you take me for your sister just now when you saw me?"
[751] "…Yes, but I was a bit dazed at the time…"
[752] "In fact, I look very much like my sister. There was a time when we had the same hairstyle and wore the same clothes, and people often couldn't tell us apart. I was often called from behind on the street, and when I turned around, I didn't recognize the other person. In fact, it was my sister's friend. She said she often encountered the same situation."
[753] Both of them indeed looked very much alike, and Shikou agreed with her, but he still didn't know what Fumiko wanted to convey.
[754] "So, what do you want me to do?" Shikou asked.
[755] Shikou's question made Fumiko lower her head, and after a while, she seemed to have made up her mind and raised her head, looking at Shikou with determined eyes.
[756] "I think the killer will also make a mistake."
[757] "What did you say?" Shibukawa was shocked and sat up suddenly. The drip hanging on his body swayed, and he hastily adjusted it, but the action almost pulled out the needle from his body, so he quickly lay back down.
[758] Fuyu suddenly began to speak in a roundabout way, as if she had prepared this speech in advance to convince Shibukawa.
[759] "If the killer saw me now, would he think my sister has come back to life? Even if he didn't think so, he would be unsettled after seeing me. I'm going to dress up like this and go to places my sister might have gone to. If the killer was there at the time, I think I could recognize him right away."
[760] Fuyu stopped talking here, as if she was peering into Shibukawa's mind, and looked into his eyes. Shibukawa remained silent, so she continued speaking.
[761] "However, I may not notice the killer's slip-ups, and the killer may see me and run away. So, if possible, I want to find a trustworthy person to cooperate with me, so that I will feel more confident."
[762] Shikuma finally broke the silence.
[763] "So, you want me to go with you to catch the killer, right?"
[764] Xun hurriedly waved his hand to deny it.
[765] "No, what I mean is, if possible, I hope Mr. Shikuma can introduce me to some private detectives or people who do similar jobs, people I can trust. I think we can find such people in Japan."
[766] Reliable private detectives? If you're talking about those agencies that accept women's commissions to investigate whether their men are cheating or behaving improperly, I know a lot of them. However, their specialty is identity investigation, not criminal investigation. - Hikokuro thought this, but as soon as he thought of Incense's foolish proposal, he completely forgot about private detectives.
[767] Incense continued, "Of course, Mr. Hikokuro is an expert in this field, and I think you are the best choice... but then, it would be a lot of trouble for you."
[768] "No, no, not at all. In fact, I would also like to catch the killer as soon as possible, but..."
[769] "Please rest assured, the cost of hiring a detective will be borne by me. Therefore, if Mr. Hikokuro is willing to assist from the side - although it may be rude to say this - I plan to pay the money to Mr. Hikokuro."
[770] "Please don't say any more!" Hikokuro interrupted Incense, saying loudly, which made the whole ward fall silent for a moment before the murmurs resumed. Hikokuro carefully sat up with his left hand holding the needle, lowering his voice and asking Incense, "Listen carefully, Miss Incense, have you said those things to the police?"
[771] "No..." Yuzuki answers, lowering her head.
[772] "Why didn't you tell the police?"
[773] "...Because I think the police probably won't pay attention to me..."
[774] "That's good, it seems you have some common sense like an ordinary person."
[775] "You're right. If I were in your shoes, I would do the same thing. But now I can only tell you that it's better not to do this. I understand your desire to find the killer as soon as possible, but it's better to leave it to the police. In Japan, the arrest rate for murder cases is close to 100%. Although the police may not be as efficient as they are in TV crime dramas, from a long-term perspective, almost all murderers are arrested."
[776] Xun's statement made her angry and she protested loudly: "…You said the perpetrator might commit another crime, don't you think it's okay to have a few more victims like my sister before the killer is caught?"
[777] Xun spoke very excitedly, almost shouting at Hikoko when she said the last sentence.
[778] Hikoko began to ponder in his mind, what kind of sisters are they? Are they like the ones depicted in paintings, with a good relationship and endless topics to talk about? Or are they a pair of spiritual twins with an unimaginable strong bond that no one else can understand? It was the first time Hikoko encountered a young woman like Xun, who was so proactive in proposing to catch the killer with her own hands.
[779] Although Xun's heartfelt confession made him feel a little moved, he still had to tell her the right thing.
[780] "It's impossible for an amateur to be more efficient than the police investigation. If you really think you can catch the killer before the police, you're mistaken. Even if I or someone better than me were by your side, the result of your unauthorized action would be, at best, a waste of time and energy, and at worst, you might become the third victim killed by the killer yourself."
[781] Fukuto gazed into her eyes, as if trying to see something in them. For a moment, he felt an unreal sense of reflection in Xūn's pupils. In her deep eyes, Fukuto saw grief over the loss of loved ones, a deep hatred for the perpetrator, and dissatisfaction with the police - all of which were subtly different from what he had previously imagined.
[782] Suddenly, Fukuto understood what kind of emotion it was. He had always known it, and it had been deeply buried in his own heart. He then realized that Xūn must have seen the same thing in his eyes at that moment.
[783] Xūn stared at him intently, unwilling to miss his gaze or the burden they both carried. She continued to say, "Sister... the person who killed my sister... was me."
[784] After that, she couldn't help but cry.
[785] The phantom woman in Fukuto's mind began to wail again.
[786] January 2, Nen
[787] While lying next to the cold body, Nen slept soundly. When he woke up, he found that his body would not obey his commands and could not get up.
[788] He didn't want to leave her.
[789] "If I died here, I could be with her forever," Nen thought to himself in a rather foolish way.
[790] He had found satisfaction, even though he knew he should return to a state of connection with the world. However, he was afraid that this memory would fade away like his love for Kuroiwa Saeko, leaving behind only forgotten grains of sand, like a dream that dispersed without a trace. This near-terrifying anxiety continued to torment and spread within him.
[791]No!
[792]I don't want to lose this love anymore!
[793]My life cannot be without this love, without love, my life cannot continue.
[794]I don't want to leave her, I want to bring her home!
[795]If he brought her home, what would his family's reaction be? He thought about it and couldn't help but laugh. They would probably say something like "Oh, your complexion doesn't look too good. Are you feeling unwell?" Renn couldn't help but giggle again.
[796] However, he quickly regained his serious expression and began to think of a practical way to bring her home.
[797] Freeze her? Could it be done? Even if it could, her skin would lose its youthful and charming texture. There's no way to explain away the mortuary's preservation process.
[798] It's said that Lenin's body is still preserved in its original form today, so it should be easy to preserve her perfectly using today's technology. However, without a place to hide the body, none of these methods would work. Hide it at home? Absolutely not. His house isn't a mansion with hidden corners where no one would notice. What about the university's research lab? Or somewhere nearby?
[799] Finally, Genren had to give up on bringing her home. Although he was sad, there was nothing he could do.
[800] To be able to love her again in the future and to be able to remember this wonderful night, Genren decided to bring something back with him. But what should he bring? Her purse, jacket, underwear... He found these items unappealing. In the end, he decided to bring her back, even if it was just a part of her.
[801] He gently separated her messy black hair and carefully examined her face. Her protruding eyeballs and almost black lips -- her appearance was not the type he liked, so he had no particular attachment to her head.
[802] He then shifted his gaze to her breasts, fondling them as he looked. Clear teeth marks from his earlier forceful bite were visible on her breasts, and his saliva was wet around her nipples. He carefully held her breasts and kissed them along the marks again with deep affection.
[803] Everything about this girl is concentrated here.
[804] In other words, by bringing these breasts home, it would be like being with her forever.
[805] Breasts? Cut them off?
[806] Pūshēnguìn knows that he needs a sharp knife to take her home. He glances at his watch, which is next to the CD player. The watch's hands point to eleven o'clock. Are there still places selling knives at this time? Are there any 24-hour convenience stores that sell them?
[807] He feels it's necessary to go out and look around.
[808] To not lose her, to possess her, he is willing to walk all over Shinjuku, no, all over Tokyo, even if he bumps into people and gets hurt.
[809] Pūshēnguìn unties the belt around her neck, quickly puts on his underwear and pants, and rushes out the door without regard for the cold wind. He carefully locks the door, about to head towards the hotel entrance, but changes his mind. He sees the emergency exit sign and thinks, if I go out from here, I probably won't be noticed. Even if someone happens to see me, I can say I went out to buy something to eat, and I don't think it will arouse anyone's suspicion.
[810] Pūshēnguìn pushes open the emergency exit door, a cold and bone-chilling wind hitting him. He hastily puts on his coat and allows the winter night wind to blow wildly, walking down the iron staircase along the wall. He finds himself in an alley, plastic trash cans overturned on the ground, the stench of decay stinging his nose. He feels something small run past his shoes. Although the alley is pitch black, he is sure it must be a water rat. Shinjuku is the habitat of these small animals, so it's not surprising.
[811] Pusgen Nen strides towards the bustling and neon-lit city that never sleeps. The people standing in front of the nightclubs and nightclubs beckon him loudly, "Boss, come in and have a play." Pusgen Nen can't help but smile. They probably call people like that all the time, but he doesn't look like an office worker, let alone a boss.
[812] At this point, he suddenly remembers that there is a larger store in Shinjuku that operates 24 hours and sells a variety of items, so he decides to go there first. He finds a ceramic multifunctional knife there, but then thinks that it is suspicious to come all the way here to buy a knife in the middle of the night, so he goes to the fresh food corner and takes half a cabbage and a pack of pork. Pusgen Nen sees that there are still many people buying things like him, and he can't help but think in his heart that now is it twilight for Shinjuku? However, after seeing the guests rushing back and forth in the store, he also slowly feels that his actions are quite natural.
[813] The cashier seems to be a part-time student, chewing gum and scanning the items on the counter one by one with a barcode reader. The cashier occasionally glances at Pusgen Nen, which makes him very uncomfortable, so he glares at him fiercely, and the other party immediately avoids his gaze like a frightened animal and quietly tells Pusgen Nen the price he should pay.
[814] Pusgen Nen pays without a word and returns to the hotel with a sense of pride - where she is waiting for him. He climbs up the stairs from the alley, intending to slow down his steps to avoid making noise, but he can't help but rush up the stairs three steps at a time.
[815] What if she's gone? --- Pusgen Nen worries seriously in his heart.
[816] What if all of this is just a dream?
[817] But she is still lying naked in bed, waiting for him with the same posture as when he left.
[818] He tells her warmly, "I'm back."
[819] The girl he loves is waiting for him to come home. It's like...
[820] He can't help but say again, "I'm back."
[821] He kisses her lips, as if kissing his wife who greets him at the door when he comes home.
[822] Pao Shengnin throws the plastic bag containing the knife onto the bed carelessly, then strips off his clothes, puts on a condom, and lies on top of her. The cold body that meets him almost makes him jump back instinctively. However, he still continues to passionately caress her up and down. Gradually, he adapts to her temperature, and his penis becomes hard again.
[823] Let me love you one more time, just once, and then we'll go home together.
[824] He puts on the headphones for her and puts on his own headphones.
[825] Then he presses the play button.
[826] Even when stumbling upon pain,
[827] He will surely overcome the obstacles.
[828] The melody of love echoed in his ears, and he was intoxicated, slowly entering her icy body. Although he was careful to put on a thin layer of condom, her coldness still made him shiver, even causing his testicles to retract into his body. However, this only intensified his excitement, making him even more thrilled, and all the semen left in his body flowed out. After a blissful spasm, he lay satisfied on top of her, closing his eyes and savoring the feeling of happiness, tears streaming down his face.
[829] Don't worry about me so much.
[830] I will find someone who looks like you to love.
[831] My heart hurts so much, I can't breathe.
[832] Is this the pain of love?
[833] When I found true love with Jing Dong Zaoki, I was overjoyed, but now, I understand the pain of losing true love and become terribly afraid.
[834] Love is so wonderful that losing it is also so terrible.
[835] He glanced at his watch and it was already twelve o'clock. If he missed the last train, he would have to take a taxi home, but it's not so easy to get a taxi in Shinjuku at this time. Boweishun Nen felt it would be better to finish the matter quickly, so he reluctantly got up from her, wiped the tears from his face, took off the condom and put on his underwear.
[836] There might be blood splatter when cutting, so it's better to put on clothes after finishing the task.
[837] The packaging of the knife only had a simple cardboard box, and another layer of transparent packaging paper was wrapped around it. Takashi Ueno tore off the packaging paper and pulled out the knife from the cardboard box. He tried to touch the ceramic blade with his finger, but felt uneasy as the blade didn't seem sharp enough to cut human flesh.
[838] I should have bought a larger knife for cutting meat.
[839] He thought about it and stabbed her with the tip of the knife towards the bottom of her right breast. The skin sank down with the force of the knife, but when he lifted the knife, he saw that the skin was still intact. He changed his approach and used the entire blade to press against the edge of the breast, as if he was going to cut off the entire breast, but he didn't cut it, instead, he moved the knife along the skin in a back-and-forth motion, slowly sawing it. There was a plop sound as the skin was sawed open.
[840] Takashi Ueno carefully tore the skin along the opening, enlarging the wound, and cut around the bottom of the breast. This is what is called the incision line.
[841] The situation is good, and it seems that because she died lying down, all the blood pooled behind her, or because there were no blood vessels flowing around the breast, her wound only oozed a little blood, which could even be said to be good enough that no blood was shed. Shengnin thinks that both reasons may be true.
[842] Cutting the breast is a somewhat difficult task. Shengnin slides the knife along the wound, gradually deepening it. The cutting work begins smoothly, but soon it starts to creak and grind, and he can no longer cut. Shengnin initially thinks the blade is broken, but when he takes it out, he finds it covered in yellow fat mixed with blood. He extends his finger into the cut-open wound and lifts it, discovering a layer of yellow fat like chicken skin inside.
[843] Shengnin takes the knife to the bathroom and washes it in the bathtub, using the bathwater that Ruri used earlier. He washes off the fat on the blade and returns to the room to continue the work. When he gets stuck again, he washes the knife. He spends about ten minutes cutting through one breast, cutting and washing.
[844] The girl's breast is placed on the bedsheet, which once was full and round, now lying flat and soft like a deflated egg yolk. However, it still holds a captivating allure for Shengnin, and he cannot resist its temptation, kissing it with deep affection. The breast still carries a scent of soap, which confirms for Shengnin that it is indeed part of the girl's body.
[845] He turns to the left breast and begins the cutting process. This time, he completes the task in just five minutes.
[846] When Púshēngrěn looked at the soft, seemingly ready to collapse breasts in his hands, he realized that there was nothing to put them in when he closed the cuts. However, he remembered that he had bought half a cabbage earlier, so he peeled off the cabbage's plastic wrap and carefully wrapped the breasts with it. There was no time.
[847] Púshēngrěn quickly put on his clothes, stuffed all the possible evidence into the CD player's packaging box - the knife, condom, and tissue used to wipe off the semen. Although the CD player was a bit big, he managed to squeeze it into his coat pocket. He picked up the box and planned to throw it away somewhere later.
[848] Finally, everything was ready. Púshēngrěn looked at the corpse lying on the bed - the corpse lying there, with two circular yellow wounds exposed on its chest. For some reason, Púshēngrěn felt that it had lost all its charm. It had nothing to do with the woman he had just loved, and was just a bunch of ugly flesh.
[849] Púshēngrěn thought, she's in there. He tightly gripped the plastic bag containing the breasts.
[850] He left the hotel without looking back, but he still missed the last train. He waited for two hours in the freezing cold wind before finally hailing a taxi. When he got home, it was almost three in the morning.
[851] Bao Shengnin was almost frozen, and his joints made a creaking sound. He decided to take a hot bath to warm up. Fortunately, the whole family had fallen asleep, and no one noticed when he came in. As usual, there was still warm bathwater left in the bathtub, which could be heated slightly. He took off his clothes, holding the plastic bag in his arms, and walked straight into the bathroom, carefully locking the bathroom door that he had never locked before. Slowly, he immersed his whole body in the bathtub. After a few minutes, his stiff body slowly relaxed from its rigid state.
[852] After finally recovering, Bao Shengnin stepped out of the bathtub and opened the plastic bag's plastic wrap to check the inside. The breasts felt much weaker than before and couldn't be distinguished from left to right. However, he didn't care about that and sucked on the nipple, licking it passionately. There was fat all over the bag. Perhaps the bumps on the way had caused the fat to spill out.
[853] Bao Shengnin felt that the fat on the breasts was sticky when he licked it, as if it was wrapped around his tongue, but he continued to kiss and lick without any care, and an electric-like pleasure spread throughout his body.
[854] He held her in his hands and wanted to bite her again, but she always slipped out of his teeth cleverly, making it impossible for him to bite her. He was angry at her mischievousness but also excited. His shriveled penis stood up again.
[855] Bao Shengnin sat on the chair, raised his head to wipe the misty mirror. His bathroom mirror was indeed not small, and it reflected his upper body. He was a bit thin and his shoulders were not wide. Maybe it was the result of his training in the basketball team in high school, he had a well-defined upper body. When Bao Shengnin was young, people often said he looked like his mother, with a pretty face and a delicate line. He knew very well that his feminine appearance could easily make women let their guard down, and he correspondingly behaved in a way that matched the appearance he should have.
[856] Bo Li Ren looked at the person in the mirror.
[857] The person smiled at him and separated the pair of breasts that were originally stuck together, putting them on his exposed chest.
[858] Bo Li Ren didn't expect him to do this.
[859] He squinted his eyes and looked at the person in the mirror again.
[860] He found that she was standing in front of him. The one he deeply loved was smiling at him, standing in front of him.
[861] He saw her lift her breasts with her hands and stare at him.
[862] It must be her, there's no mistake, she's here too.
[863] Pú Shēng Rěn almost exclaimed in joy.
[864] Pú Shēng Rěn stood up from the chair and knelt on the bathroom tiles, pressing tightly against the mirror to look at her carefully. He saw that the one in the mirror was slowly shaking and rubbing her breasts.
[865] Pú Shēng Rěn's penis stood upright towards the girl in the mirror, fully erect. He loosened his right hand and placed the hand that was originally holding the breast on his erect penis, gripping tightly.
[866] The breast that was pressed against his right chest slowly slid onto the tiles, but Pu Shenren paid no attention. Of course, he wouldn't notice the woman's left breast also slowly sliding down her body in the mirror.
[867] Who was the hand that was firmly squeezing her breast? Whose hand was holding his penis and sliding it up and down? Pu Shenren was dazed and wondered, but at that moment, he didn't know the answer to this question.
[868] "…I love you…I love you…I love you…"
[869] He ejaculated repeatedly, spraying white liquid onto the girl's face in the mirror.
[870] The girl's face showed a dazed expression and slowly approached him. He seemed to be attracted by a great magnetic force and was also entranced as he moved closer. The two of them, like magnets, drew closer and closer to each other.
[871] Their lips finally met through the mirror. They opened their mouths and stuck out their tongues, deeply exploring each other.
[872] Drops of semen slowly dripped down from the mirror, and the two of them greedily licked them.
[873] 3 February - Ya Zi
[874] Ya Zi tried her best to maintain a calm appearance when facing her family, but her heart was like walking on thin ice, full of fear. In this shadow, Ya Zi spent February. Ya Zi had no idea how many times she had nightmares during this period -- a group of fierce men suddenly appeared in front of her and loudly asked her, "Where is your son?" and then took her son away.
[875] Her son with handcuffs on his hands, the large close-up photo of him in the newspaper, the stones thrown into her house, and the unbearable curses.
[876] "Murderer!" "Pervert!" "Monster!"...
[877] No, no, the child is kind-hearted and would never do such a thing. It must be a mistake somewhere, it must be a mistake somewhere. It's definitely not right!
[878] Ya Zi woke up screaming, sweating all over her body. She often had nightmares, so she would dry herself off with a towel before putting on her clothes to avoid getting sick.
[879] However, the case slowly faded from people's memory as time passed. A week went by, two weeks went by, and the usual routine returned. Ya Zi's nightmares also stopped. Spring was approaching, but the ice on the ground was thickening, as if one day it would become a solid rock. Ya Zi's mood gradually calmed down.
[880] Beijin Nen, a private university where Pao Shengnin is located, has a later entrance exam than general universities, usually finishing in late February. Ya Zi planned that once the entrance exam was over, her family would have time, and they could go on a three-day, two-night trip together. Of course, the children might already have their plans, and if so, it would be impossible. However, soaking in hot springs would still be a good choice. For young people a year or two ago, "hot springs" was a place where older people gathered, which they would avoid. However, recently, young people's ideas have changed, and they should be happy to hear that they are going to soak in hot springs. This way, the whole family can have a pleasant reunion and I can also take this opportunity to find out the reason for the child's recent strange behavior.
[881] I believe those are trivial matters - possibly important to the children. I believe that with the passage of time and the accumulation of experience, they can be solved.
[882] There have been no more bizarre murder cases since that incident. Such a thing must have been done by someone who took an amphetamine or some other drug, causing their brain to be abnormal. The killer is either receiving compulsory treatment in a hospital or has already died in some remote wilderness. Even if not, he will be caught by the police and sent to prison soon. Anyway, it has nothing to do with us.
[883] Of course, if the police can catch the killer before he kills the next victim, that would be great, and we can live peacefully. However, even if there is a next victim, as long as it is not my precious daughter or my family, it is really a matter of indifference to me, and I won't care.
[884] After discovering the plastic bag in her son's room, Yaoko was afraid to go into her son's room for about two or three days, but she decided to go in and search again. Yaoko told herself that she had to continue searching her son's room to confirm that the plastic bag had no significance. As a result, she did not find anything significant, only that her son had not masturbated recently, and Yaoko did not know whether this was good or bad. However, her son had obviously not studied hard for the exam, although it was also understandable that he didn't study hard after the exam was over. He didn't buy any books, whether they were manga or textbooks. Of course, like the previous search, there were no signs in the house that her son was dating a girlfriend.
[885] What is that child doing in his room?
[886] Yaiko felt suspicious about her son's behavior. Whenever it was a school holiday, her son almost never left his room, staying inside the house and not knowing what he was doing. He used to borrow some videos to watch, but now he has even given up this hobby.
[887] Her son should not have encountered anything that made him feel depressed and stuck in a corner, to the point where he did not even want to rent videos. If that was the case, the problem he faced would be much more serious than she imagined. As a mother, she must help her son overcome this difficult time as soon as possible.
[888] Yaiko proposed her travel plan to her daughter, Ai, in a very natural way during a family dinner.
[889] "So, Ai, do you want to go to a hot spring?"
[890] "Hot springs?..." Daughter Ai replied without much interest.
[891] "You and your mom go, then." Her husband interrupted while wolfing down his rice.
[892] "So, are you going?" Yoko asked.
[893] Her husband just smiled bitterly and shook his head.
[894] "I can't. I don't have the time."
[895] Every time, he would use work as an excuse—Yoko held back her words, looking at her son who was quietly eating his food. When their eyes met, he looked at her with a sense of threat before lowering his head again: "I... I don't think I'll have time either. I have a lot of things scheduled for March."
[896] Yoko suddenly felt a sense of fear spreading throughout the room. She was horrified to realize that her family had become so estranged without her noticing. She had carried her child for ten months and struggled to give birth, only to become a stranger to him.
[897] Her travel plan, which she had worked so hard to arrange, was ruined. However, if it were just a travel plan, it wouldn't be so scary.
[898] These days, whenever Yoko thought about her son possibly killing someone, a sense of fear would overwhelm her. But today's fear was different. It was a more severe fear for Yoko, as it felt more real.
[899] Although modern families have problems, only mine, only my family, is held together by the love I have given.
[900] Yoko always believed this. She thought that as a mother, if she loved her children unconditionally, they would understand her intentions and build a perfect family.
[901] Yoko stared at her husband.
[902] It's all this man's fault. The foundation of the family I built is being dug up by this man without mercy. He plans to slowly dismantle our home.
[903] The existence of a father, especially for a father, is extremely important for a child's growth, especially for a boy's growth.
[904] This statement was repeatedly emphasized in the lectures Yoko attended, which is why she remembers it clearly.
[905] Without the existence of a father as a unifying object, a boy would not be able to smoothly acquire a male social identity, leading to an inability to form satisfying sexual relationships with the opposite sex. This can easily lead to impotence and is also a cause of abnormal sexual preferences.
[906] Yasuko remembered that the theme of the lecture was about thinking about children's sexual issues. The lecturer began to deviate from the topic and started introducing a few examples of abnormal sexual behavior.
[907] The lecturer initially wrote "quantitative abnormality" and "qualitative abnormality" on the whiteboard as two major categories.
[908] Quantitative abnormality - most often refers to hypersexuality. In rare cases, it refers to hyposexuality and impotence.
[909] Qualitative abnormality - divided by behavioral abnormalities: sadism and masochism. Divided by object abnormalities: homosexuality, fetishism, pedophilia, and necrophilia, etc.
[910] The lecturer said, "It's quite difficult to distinguish between sexual abnormality and normalcy. We all feel excited or have delusions about behaviors that are close to abnormal, but these are immature states in terms of sexuality. We have not yet entered a truly mature state in terms of sexuality. In this world, everyone has a sense of inferiority about sex, and no one can establish a completely satisfactory sexual relationship with the opposite sex. The reason for this lies in our sense of guilt and inferiority about our hidden sexuality. Although most of the guilt and inferiority are formed in childhood, the majority of us are able to overcome this obstacle and establish somewhat satisfactory sexual relationships with the opposite sex. However, when this sense of guilt or inferiority becomes too strong, it will prevent them - no, it will prevent us from overcoming the psychological obstacles formed in childhood, leading us to resort to various abnormal sexual behaviors to fill the gaps in our sexual lives."
[911] The sense of guilt and inferiority about sex formed in childhood - Yaiko recalls some things that make her feel afraid after hearing this.
[912] When her son was young, Yaiko remembers saying things like "You'll get sick if you do that" to her son who was playing with his genitals. However, there shouldn't be any major problems. Every parent would say something like this to their child, right?
[913] If it was that child who did it, he killed a woman and dismembered the body - what am I thinking? The murder case has nothing to do with my son. I should focus on the emotional bonds within our family instead.
[914] As long as the emotional bonds between family members are strong, there will be no criminals in our family. Although many families have lost such emotional bonds, ours is completely fine. We just lack a little communication within our family. I believe that as long as we make an effort every day, everything will return to a place filled with laughter.
[915] Yaiko firmly believes in this.
[916] Chapter 6
[917] 1 February-March 2023 Taki
[918] Taki originally wanted to be discharged that day, but his request was not approved because he needed further check-ups. The check-ups included blood tests, urine tests, X-rays, electrocardiograms, ultrasounds, gastroscopies, and more. Taki had to wait for all the results before he could be discharged the next day if everything was fine.
[919] Taki's attending physician, Dr. Takahashi, said, "Someone came to visit you and asked us to give you a thorough physical examination if possible."
[920] "Who was that person?" Taki asked the doctor, feeling a bit puzzled.
[921]"Your friend, a detective. He didn't introduce himself, but he looked so terrifying that I thought he was from the underworld at first," the doctor replied.
[922]The underworld probably refers to the black society. Takiyama immediately realized that it must have been Nonobe. They should have been busy at that time, but they rushed over to visit him as soon as they heard he had collapsed. He must have been worried about me, Takiyama thought, feeling a bit surprised.
[923]"Anyway, I heard that your wife has passed away and you are now living alone. It's easy for a single man to suffer from malnutrition, so please take good care of yourself. I have a handy and easy-to-understand nutrition guidebook that I'll bring to you later. Take care of yourself," Dr. Takahashi said, turning to greet other patients.
[924]Takiyama's gaze returned to his dinner. He hadn't eaten anything for 30 hours, and his meal consisted of a mashed rice porridge, boiled fish, and seaweed rolls. There was also a cup of apple juice. After some mental preparation, he started putting the food in his mouth. The taste of everything except the porridge was not too bad. Takiyama finally finished his meal, and he wouldn't have to undergo intravenous infusions anymore.
[925]Takiyama closed the lid of the food container and lay down to carefully recall what Ishiguro had said.
[926] Fujimoto said that she killed her sister, Miyuki.
[927] Taki didn't interrupt her after hearing that, and Fujimoto continued with her story.
[928] Miyuki got married at the age of 23 and lived with her husband near her parents' house. She married a trading company employee she met while working at the hospital, who was five years older than her. After getting married, Miyuki didn't quit her job and continued to work. Both of them were very busy with their jobs, and Miyuki also had to work night shifts at the hospital. Miyuki's husband wanted a child and hoped Miyuki would quit her job, but Miyuki wanted to continue living as they were for now.
[929] Miyuki's mother felt sorry for her son-in-law, who worked hard all day and came home late without dinner. Therefore, she often went to their apartment to help them make dinner. Later, when Fujimoto went to university and became less busy, she took over the task.
[930] Fujimoto continued crying as she said her brother-in-law was an ordinary person with a not-so-bright mind.
[931] Yūn later had a sexual relationship with her brother-in-law, and when her sister found out, she divorced him. Despite this, her sister did not scold Yūn, but instead sympathized with her and comforted her, even apologizing to Yūn for the situation. Yūn was unsure if her sister truly felt this way, but at least it seemed so on the surface. Her sister only said that she should blame herself for choosing the wrong husband.
[932] "But," Yūn looked at Tsubaki with a look of seeking comfort and continued, "it was my fault. I seduced my brother-in-law. I always wanted to take things away from my sister. I wanted her dolls, cute dresses, and even makeup. I always pouted at her, and although she eventually gave me the things, I didn't care for them after getting them. I realized that they were just boring things, and I couldn't understand why I wanted them so much... My brother-in-law was the same way. I couldn't understand why my sister married such a boring man. However, I know they loved each other, and I know my brother-in-law never loved me the way he loved my sister. So... so that's why... "
[933] Tsubaki wanted to plug his ears and not listen to these words. He couldn't understand why they had just met, and Yūn was willing to tell him these things. However, all he could do was listen to Yūn's story, as he believed he had a duty to understand Minako's past and also a duty to understand Yūn, who shared the same guilt.
[934] Yūn continued, "When I slept with my brother-in-law, I either put on heavy perfume or left small accessories on purpose. My sister found out about our relationship within two weeks and confronted my brother-in-law. He admitted it honestly. The next day, she brought a divorce application for him to sign, and then moved back to her parents' house. I didn't have the face to see my sister at the time, but she had a carefree expression on her face. She told me that she had known that her marriage to her brother-in-law would not last long and would eventually end up like this, so she didn't blame me. When my parents asked her what happened, she simply said that her brother-in-law had an affair. I was so miserable. Every time I felt disgusted with the things my sister gave me, I didn't feel any guilt. But I didn't forget them... I really want to apologize to my sister and cry. Sister, I took your doll, I'm sorry, can you forgive me? Sister, I took your hairband, I'm sorry, can you forgive me? I wish I could return all the things my sister gave me to her, and I wish my sister and her brother-in-law could get back together... "
[935] Yūn let her tears flow freely without wiping them away. After a pause, she continued, "Later, my sister moved back to her former nurse's dormitory, and I was relieved when I heard the news. I thought, I don't have to see her every day anymore. I also foolishly thought that if my sister found a good man and got married again, everything would be fine. --- When my sister came home for the New Year, I noticed that she had someone she liked. So I asked her about her crush, and she finally told me that she liked Tsubaki-san. I was overjoyed when I heard this, because I knew that my sister had fallen in love with someone else. Because in the future, I thought that my sister probably wouldn't fall in love with any other man... But my sister... "
[936] But my sister didn't get happiness, she lost her life. Jingkou thought that was probably what Xiang was trying to say but didn't say.
[937] Minsu's marriage was ruined by her sister, and then she lost her life.
[938] Minsu was not accepted by the man she didn't like, and then she lost her life.
[939] Minsu was unlucky to be targeted by a perverted killer, and then she lost her life.
[940] Tingkou couldn't tell which of these assumptions were correct and which were wrong. He should have told Xiang that it wasn't her fault. However, he didn't say it out loud because he felt that if he did, it would be self-deception. Deep down, he just wanted to use the opportunity to tell her she wasn't at fault to indirectly exonerate himself from guilt.
[941] He knew he could not do such a thing.
[942] "So, you want to catch the killer yourself, is that it?" Akutagawa asked.
[943] Yumi nodded silently.
[944] "Let me think about it. Anyway, in my current state, I can't help you at all. I'll call you when I'm discharged from the hospital."
[945] Yumi looked at him as if she had been redeemed. She bowed to Akutagawa several times before going home.
[946] Taki lay in bed, thinking about how to respond to Fumiko's proposal.
[947] At first, he thought her proposal was absurdly stupid. To be honest, it was not a good idea. It was ridiculous to say that the killer would have a huge emotional reaction when he saw a woman who looked very much like the one who had died, and that this reaction would be obvious to see. Even if it was a fabrication, it should have been stopped at some point. This proposal was not even a plan.
[948] In essence, it was an idea that a young woman, driven to the brink of collapse by guilt, would come up with.
[949] However, if the killer chose his victims based on a standard of appearance, then without a doubt, Fumiko would meet the killer's criteria. Moreover, if the killer's actions were limited in time and space, then it was highly likely that they would meet again in the area where Sensu encountered the killer.
[950] Yes, it was absolutely possible to meet the killer again, and the probability was not zero. Maybe there was a one percent chance. One percent, no, even if there was only a one-thousandth of a chance, as a detective, I should take action.
[951] Moreover, what really mattered was not whether this would catch the killer, but whether it could save the young woman who was driven to the brink of collapse by guilt. Moreover, even if Taki refused to help her, Fujiko would still carry out this stupid plan.
[952] To save herself from the guilt, Fujiko was willing to take a risk; for the same reason, Taki began to ponder whether he could do something.
[953] If, I mean, if Fujiko really found the killer, but was killed by him instead --- even if she didn't encounter the killer who killed Mizuki, there were still many dangerous beasts lurking in the streets of Tokyo at night. Taki could not allow Fujiko, such a young woman, to jump into such danger. The thought of watching Fujiko die after Mizuki made him unbearably painful.
[954] For Taki, freeing Mizuki's sister from the crisis on both a spiritual and physical level had become an obligation.
[955] Of course, this plan did not necessarily have to continue until the day the real killer was caught. As long as it lasted a few days, she would eventually realize the true meaning of this action. Then, her inner demons would probably be dispelled, she would gain liberation from her conscience, and perhaps Taki's lingering nightmares would also disappear.
[956] Yasuoka made up his mind.
[957] The next day, on the afternoon of the twenty-ninth, Yasuoka was discharged from the hospital. When he returned home that evening, Yasuoka called Fumio, but instead of Fumio, her mother's voice came through the phone. Yasuoka did not speak and hung up the phone directly. Because Fumio had instructed him beforehand that this matter must be kept secret from her parents and not reveal any information to them.
[958] Yasuoka thought, she will call over, so he decided to wait.
[959] The seemingly endless February finally ended, and March arrived.
[960] The weather was nice, and the air was filled with the fragrance of spring, making people feel that no matter what, things would improve.
[961] On the afternoon of the 4th, Shikoku called the search headquarters of the Setagaya Police Station, and fortunately, the person who answered the phone was Nogi.
[962] "I heard you were discharged?"
[963] "Ah, sorry for bothering you last time." Shikoku apologized to Nogi for his "slip of the tongue" to the media.
[964] "No problem, it's not a big deal... So, is there anything you need?"
[965] "The victim's family is very concerned about the progress of the investigation. If it's not too much trouble, can you tell me a little about the situation?" Shikoku was surprised that he blurted out a lie to try to get information about the investigation, and he felt a sense of guilt rising in his heart. Was it because Nogi had visited him in the hospital that he felt so uneasy?
[966] "I have no good news for you, but I do have one piece of bad news to share."
[967] "What bad news do you mean?"
[968] "That guy has struck again. This time, he went to Yokohama. A victim was found in a love hotel near the Hon-Ōbasu Expressway this morning. While we can't be completely sure yet, it's likely that it's the same person who committed the crime in our area. However, this means we'll have to collaborate on the investigation. It's just unsettling to think about."
[969] "You mean... he's done it again?"
[970] "Yes, this time he went to Yokohama. A victim was found in a love hotel near the Hon-Ōbasu Expressway this morning. While we can't be completely sure yet, it's likely that it's the same person who committed the crime in our area. However, this means we'll have to collaborate on the investigation. It's just unsettling to think about."
[971] Since the crime scene was in Yokohama, Noguchi and his team would have to work with the Kanagawa Prefectural Police. However, there has been a long-standing conflict between the Tokyo Metropolitan Police and local police, with instances of mutual hostility leading to the escape of criminals and public embarrassment. Therefore, Noguchi disliked dealing with this group and didn't want the joint investigation to fail.
[972] Although Higuchi's attitude towards murder cases was similar to Noguchi's before he retired, he was now extremely dissatisfied with Noguchi's attitude. Noguchi's indifference towards the victim and disinterest in the case frustrated Higuchi. In their eyes, the death of Shima Miyuki was just a statistic, like the number of sales or workload for salespeople.
[973] At this moment, Higuchi began to realize that the investigation into Miyuki's murder could not be left to the police. They would not find the culprit. With this in mind, he decided to take matters into his own hands.
[974] Although Higuchi tried to convince himself that this was just an illusion, he couldn't shake off the feeling.
[975] The dormant part of his mind began to stir, and the image of the killer slowly formed in Higuchi's mind.
[976] The killer has a car... has a relatively free schedule... is a single man between the ages of 20 and 30... gives the impression of being honest... has a deep inner world... and is difficult to discover his hidden madness.
[977] Higuchi imagined this without any basis, constructing the image of the killer solely based on his intuition as a detective. However, he is confident that he is not mistaken. Higuchi analyzed the known conditions again and became even more convinced that his thoughts were correct: the crime scene is near a highway, where Ishimura Miyuki, a woman, could have been carelessly with the killer...
[978] Yes! If we were partners, we would very likely catch this guy before the police.
[979] Yes, before the police.
[980] Before the next woman is killed.
[981]2 January February familiarity
[982] Even the size of her breasts, Horigen Nen still couldn't find a suitable place to put her.
[983] At first, he thought it would be fine to put her in his room, but as the smell of decay gradually spread, he realized that this idea wouldn't work. If he could have put her in the refrigerator, that would have been perfect, but that place was too easy to be discovered...
[984] Finally, he suddenly realized that if he buried her in the flower bed in his yard - which, although called a garden, was actually a small, inconspicuous space - it should prevent her from continuing to decay. As long as he was careful not to be discovered by others, he could dig her out and enjoy her again and again in the future.
[985] In fact, Horigen Nen did just that. He would dig her out at night and lock himself in the bathroom or toilet to have passionate love with her.
[986] Two days later, when he dug her up again, her skin had turned black, started to shrink, and develop wrinkles.
[987] However, Ren didn't care.
[988] But when she shrank to the point where her weight significantly changed, the odor of decay became unbearable.
[989] My love for you will not change, no matter what form you take, it will never change…
[990] Ren firmly told himself.
[991] However, by the end of January, she finally turned into two chunks of meat that no one dared to touch.
[992] The woman he deeply loved, who he thought they would spend the rest of their lives together, turned into an ugly old woman in an instant.
[993] Púshēngrěn felt a heart-wrenching pain in his chest, and the image of "her former appearance" kept flashing through his mind. He said goodbye to her with a sense of departure and pain, and then buried her deeply in the flower bed.
[994] Púshēngrěn couldn't help but burst into tears.
[995] In his mind, this was his first heartbreak since his birth. Compared to the woman who only spent one night with him but gave him a new life, the breakup with the girl named Hēnlǐxiāng, who had been in love with him countless times and had merged with him in the depths of life's truth, was so cruel and sad that it gave him an indescribable feeling of exquisite sorrow.
[996] At this moment, in his broken heart, there was a strong thought - only by finding a new love, a woman more perfect than Zhàozhìzǐ and Hēnlǐxiāng, can he fill the emptiness in his heart.
[997] Púshēngrěn wandered the streets again during his leisure time, but this time he had a clear goal and thought in mind.
[998] Púshēngrěn wanted to find a woman, a woman with an attractive appearance and radiating love.
[999] This time, I must seize this eternal love.
[1000] Yes, if he just brought her back home like he did with Hēnlǐxiāng, it would not be enough. Watching the woman he loved turn into ugly flesh, it hurt him like a knife, no, more than that.
[1001] Fujimoto-san suddenly thought of videotapes.
[1002] Our civilization has created such a powerful tool, it would be a shame not to make good use of it. Of course, having a videotape alone is not enough, but being able to relive the sweet moments of that night again and again is a wonderful thing. Now, when Fujimoto-san looks back, he regrets not recording the evenings he spent with Saeko and Chihiro.
[1003] To avoid falling into such regret again, I must find a woman more perfect than the two, I must obtain the eternal love record.
[1004] Fujimoto-san takes out the camera from his home and puts it in his backpack. He has a feeling that it would be best not to go to Ikebukuro and Shinjuku for now. Therefore, he spends his time walking around Shibuya and Roppongi, listening to his CD player and looking for girls on the street. Although there are many girls on the street, there are only a few that can make his heart beat faster. Although there are many who can be called cute, it is difficult to find that noble aura in them. Perhaps influenced by the recent diet craze, these girls are all too skinny. This makes Fujimoto-san realize that his encounters with Saeko and Chihiro were nothing short of miracles. Indeed, Saeko and Chihiro may not have the beauty and physique of a model, but they exude something that Fujimoto-san himself cannot explain, something that strongly attracts him.
[1005] After a week of fruitless searching, Fujimoto-san naturally chased after her when he saw her on February 3rd.
[1006] That day, Boshengnian was fruitless. He thought, "I'll go home today," and headed towards the subway station at Shinjuku. At that moment, she suddenly got out of the taxi, lowered her head, and walked heavily in front of him. She was wearing a light green coat and a gray suit, and her shoulder was carrying a small bag that could only fit a wallet. She was out of place in Shinjuku because she looked too plain. She was certainly more mature than Fuyu and Saeko, and she was also more mature. It is estimated that she is under 30 years old this year, but she is over 25. When she passed by his side, Boshengnian noticed that her mascara had a few smudges.
[1007] Is she crying?
[1008] She looked around for a long time and carefully observed the surroundings, as if she had made up her mind. She headed towards Mount Fuji. However, her heavy steps seemed to tell others that there was nothing happy waiting for her there.
[1009] Boshengnian speculated on the woman's situation: judging from her appearance, she should not be going to see her lover or friend waiting for her; even if someone is waiting for her, she is not very willing to see them.
[1010] In the cold wind of February, the pedestrians shivered, making one feel that it would be warmer when it snowed. Ten minutes passed, and she continued to walk forward in the cold wind that could freeze her ears and cheeks. She had come by taxi just now, so what was she going to do? It is unknown whether she did not tell the taxi driver the destination she wanted to go to or whether she was just aimlessly wandering around the streets.
[1011] When she slowly walked through the bustling streets and into a place with fewer pedestrians, she suddenly disappeared from the sidewalk.
[1012] Bo Shengnin hurriedly quickened his pace. He noticed a small shop on the side of the road that was easy to overlook. The store looked conservative and unremarkable. On the surface, the entire storefront resembled a neat concrete cube, with only a staircase that could only accommodate one person at a time, leading directly to the basement.
[1013] It seemed that she had gone down the stairs to the basement and entered the small shop.
[1014] Bo Shengnin noticed a blue neon sign next to the entrance of the staircase, shaped like a spiral straw. The sign above it read "Mirror on the Wall," suggesting that the small shop was likely a bar or something similar, as a woman so plain would not be likely to enter a flashy, noisy nightclub.
[1015] Bo Shengnin hesitated for a moment but decided he couldn't let her slip away. She could only have gone to this underground bar. So, he decided to descend the stairs.
[1016] The end of the staircase was a small wooden door. Pan Shengren expected that when he pushed this door open, loud music would rush towards him like a flood, but instead, he was disappointed by the bluegrass jazz that flowed into his ears.
[1017] Inside the bar was a long counter, a few high-backed chairs that seemed uncomfortable to sit on, and a few round tables. An old-fashioned ceiling fan slowly spun overhead.
[1018] She sat alone on the right side of the counter, leaning against the wall with her body almost completely devoid of support.
[1019] Pan Shengren didn't hesitate this time, walking straight up to her and sitting in the seat next to her.
[1020] "Are you alone?"
[1021] She suddenly straightened up and looked at him, as if ready to escape, pressing her back against the wall.
[1022] Pao Shengren felt a little regret, thinking that he might have been too hasty. However, he quickly regained his signature smile and ordered a watered-down whiskey from the bartender.
[1023] "Can I get you an Early Times?"
[1024] Pao Shengren didn't usually like bourbon whiskey, but he nodded.
[1025] "I'm sorry if I startled you earlier. I hope you don't think I was trying to come over and talk to you. I just... I noticed that you seemed to be crying, so I... "
[1026] Peshen Ning's concerned expression surprised her. She hastily wiped her eyes and averted her gaze from him.
[1027] Peshen Ning continued to explain, "I really didn't mean to pry into your privacy. I just happened to be feeling down myself recently. I thought that if we could talk, maybe both of our moods would improve. I really just wanted to talk to you, and if I'm bothering you, I'll leave right now... Do I bother you?"
[1028] Peshen Ning had no intention of lying to her. He simply spoke to her about his feelings in a very natural way. In fact, after losing Duriang, he had been unable to shake off his melancholy. Moreover, in the girls he had seen on the street these days, he couldn't find a perfect woman who met his standards, which made him feel even more desperate.
[1029] Peshen Ning felt an unprecedented anxiety at this moment: What if she refuses me?
[1030] She paused for a moment and slowly shook her head, smiling.
[1031] The bartender brings over the whisky Bōshengnìn ordered, along with the martini she had already ordered.
[1032] Bōshengnìn wanted to drink with her, but she didn't speak up, so he took a sip first and continued to say, "My surname is Bōsheng, and my name is Bōshengnìn. Don't be fooled by my appearance, I'm a graduate student in the philosophy department of the university."
[1033] He repeats the lie he told to Sāzhìzǐ, hoping to make her feel that their ages are close.
[1034] "Are you working? Do you also encounter some troubles at work?"
[1035] She continues to sit silently, shaking her head.
[1036] Púshēngrěn thought to himself, "If it's not work-related, then it must be something about love. But I'll wait before bringing up that topic."
[1037] "I'll guess what you do for a living... Hmm, you work with computers, right? Am I right?"
[1038] She shook her head again, still unable to speak.
[1039] "Do you work at a bank? No?... Are you a university teacher?"
[1040] "Do I look like it?"
[1041] This was the first time he heard her voice, a cold, clear tone, just as he had imagined.
[1042] "Because you look like a very solid and serious person, I guess too casually... So I won't guess anymore, I surrender. What do you do for a living?"
[1043] "I'm a nurse..."
[1044] Pú Shēngnìn is once again convinced that his choice is very wise. She is a nurse! Isn't that exactly the kind of woman he has always dreamed of, a woman of marble-like nobility who should be engaged in this kind of work?
[1045] She is the kind of woman who, although her blood flows within her, can hide it under her white coat and look at others' bodies being cut open with a cold gaze, while remaining calm. Such a woman should be able to quietly accept my "caresses" without making a fuss.
[1046] Pu Shenren tries not to show his excitement, and continues, "So you're a nurse! I heard that nursing is a very hard job, and that you often have a shortage of staff."
[1047] "…Is that so? Actually, it's not that bad... Excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom."
[1048] Pu Shenren doesn't have time to speak before she stands up and leaves, crossing the entire bar and disappearing at the other end. He fears that she will escape from the bar, but later realizes that she disappeared on the other side should be the restroom. He can only sip his diluted whiskey patiently and wait for her. She returns five minutes later, having apparently gone to the restroom to touch up her makeup. It seems that in the time she spent powdering her face, she also composed her emotions. When she returns, she appears much more spirited and no longer bows her head like before. Her steps are no longer heavy, but light like those of an ordinary person.
[1049] She sits down and picks up the martini in front of her, gulping it down in one go, then plucking the olive from the edge of the glass.
[1050] "You said you were... Pu Shenren, right? You said you feel very disappointed now. Why do you feel disappointed?"
[1051] Baisui Ren is delighted. At least she seems willing to talk to him. She examines the olive in her hand for a moment before putting it in her mouth.
[1052] "It's just a story of a broken heart. Do you want to hear it?"
[1053] She looks at him and nods, saying, "Sure, if you don't mind sharing it..."
[1054] "Well, it happens all the time, nothing new... So, last autumn, I met a woman by chance. I fell in love with her, so much that I didn't believe I could love someone that much. It's a bit embarrassing, but we had a very intimate relationship, and we deeply loved each other."
[1055] For Baisui Ren, it was a beautiful yet painful love ritual.
[1056] "Why did you break up?"
[1057] She died... He hesitated whether to tell her this way, but decided not to.
[1058] "...Why did we break up? I can't really explain. She just became cold."
[1059] Became cold... I'm not exaggerating. She became cold and was slowly rotting.
[1060] "So that's it... " She said softly and then stared at the polished bar table, lost in some memories.
[1061] Puesen Ren continued talking, wanting to say everything in his heart, even though he knew he might accidentally reveal something he shouldn't. But he couldn't stop himself.
[1062] "I know I shouldn't just give up. But whenever I think about whether I can love another woman as much as I loved her, I can't help feeling afraid. That kind of intense love, I can probably only give once in my life."
[1063] "Maybe that would be better…" She said in a barely audible voice, as if not speaking to Puesen Ren.
[1064] They raised their glasses again, emptied them, and had them refilled. They drank them again.
[1065] Puesen Ren easily extracted her worries. He licked the wine in the glass, waiting for the ice to melt and the liquid level to drop as if it had been drunk. So although she thought he had drunk several glasses, he had actually drunk less than half of what she had.
[1066] A broken marriage, nights filled with extreme mistrust of men, and a love for a man thirty years her senior who left her…
[1067] Although they were all boring things, Pú Shēngnìn pretended to listen attentively.
[1068] All he could understand was that she felt miserable. But for him, that was enough.
[1069] How could such a perfect woman be so unhappy? She has shown that she is worthy of my love, and I believe she will fully respond to the love I have for her.
[1070] She cried again, her makeup immediately disintegrating with her tears. It was already past midnight.
[1071]"Let's go out," Bo Shen Ren said, gently pulling her arm. She stood up obediently.
[1072]Bo Shen Ren settled the bill, finally pulling her up the narrow stairs. It had started to snow outside. She, who was about to fall asleep, suddenly clung tightly to his body, feeling the cold outside. Bo Shen Ren felt a sudden surge in his lower body when he touched her full body for the first time. This exciting feeling made him feel that even walking was difficult. He realized again that he was embracing a mature female body that was different from Zao Zhi Zi and Hua Li Xiang.
[1073]"...I hate it...I still want to drink..."
[1074]The woman who had behaved so properly and composedly before suddenly turned into a child who was coaxing.
[1075]"I know, I'll take you to drink," Bo Shen Ren said, but of course he couldn't take her to another bar to waste time. He planned to go home before the rest of the family woke up, so he had very little time left to love her.
[1076] He supported her as she swayed and searched for a hotel that could open rooms on the streets of Mount Qing. By then, snow had covered their heads and shoulders, and they were covered in snowflakes. He was worried that she would sober up in the cold, but she remained with her eyes closed. Although the cold still made her face show a touch of pain.
[1077] Bo Shenren supported her with his right hand and had a backpack with a camera on his left shoulder. After a lot of effort, he finally entered the room and felt relieved when he put her and the backpack down. It felt like his weight had been lifted in an instant.
[1078] She lay on the bed in the shape of a "T" and fell asleep. The snow water dripping from her hair and the tears on her face completely washed away her makeup, leaving an odd-looking picture on her face. She wrinkled her eyebrows in pain and snored softly.
[1079] Bo Shenren found a towel in the bathroom, wiped his hair first, and gently wiped the snow water off her hair.
[1080] He opened the backpack, took out the camera and a new tripod he had bought especially for this occasion. He set up the camera at the foot of the bed and checked the angle through the viewfinder. He adjusted the camera's angle to ensure that the whole bed could be captured, then unwrapped the tape and put it into the camera. This tape could record for two hours, which should be enough. He pressed the record button, fixed the camera's angle, and threw the packaging paper into the trash.
[1081] He looked through the viewfinder again and saw her tossing and turning in pain on the bed.
[1082] "You're so beautiful," Pusai Ren said as he took off his sweater, unbuttoned his shirt, and then stripped off his upper body. He walked towards the bed, letting go of the camera.
[1083] He knew that it was his turn to perform, and he couldn't watch the live sex scene himself.
[1084] Her low-heeled shoes were scattered on the floor, kicked off unconsciously during her earlier state.
[1085] He removed her coat, placed her body in a supine position, and unbuttoned her blazer and shirt. He slightly lifted her upper body and pulled off her blazer and shirt in one go.
[1086] "...Hmmmm..."
[1087] She moaned, writhing her body. Pu Shenren thought she was going to resist, but instead, she cooperated with him, withdrawing her hands from her sleeves.
[1088] It seemed she was waiting for me to love her.
[1089] Her impressive breasts were covered in a light pink bra. Pu Shenren unhooked the front of her bra. Although her entire chest was exposed, she only sighed in relief.
[1090] Pu Shenren glanced at the camera's position with the corner of his eye to make sure they were both captured clearly.
[1091] After confirming again, he began to gently fondle her breasts with both hands.
[1092] "No…"
[1093] Although she said so, it seemed to be a dreamy phrase, and she enjoyed it obediently without pushing him away.
[1094] Pusei Nen unzipped her skirt and then pulled it down from her legs. Through the beige stockings, he saw that she wore a white underwear underneath. He wanted to take off her underwear and insert his already hard penis into her body, but he consciously controlled his impulses. Because he knew that the camera behind him was recording every move he made, he wanted to enjoy the action later without leaving a boring video.
[1095] He started from her thigh and slowly pulled down her stockings with his palm. He stared intently at her snow-white legs, recalling the sincere love he had for Saeko and Chiyori before, and tears filled his eyes without realizing it.
[1096] If there were women who could never be killed in this world, how great that would be. Then I could love her again and again…
[1097] Although these unreasonable ideas flashed through his mind, he immediately realized that he should concentrate on enjoying the present attractive body and put aside those messy thoughts for now.
[1098] He pulled down her pantyhose with a jerk.
[1099] Her bra was unfastened, and she was left with only a pair of underwear. She lay on the bed, showing no signs of waking up, waiting for his love.
[1100] Baisen Nen approached the camera again, looking at the viewfinder, and slightly adjusted the camera, bringing the image closer. He tried to find an angle that would make her look her best. In the end, he placed the camera closer to the bed and decided to shoot her body from above.
[1101] Purogenin carefully removed her panties while not blocking the camera's view. She seemed to have no sensation at all, only emitting regular snoring sounds. He took the camera off the tripod and licked her naked body from above with the lens. Her peaceful sleeping face, shoulders to chest, then her slightly bulging abdomen, and her black pubic hair. Purogenin reached out and tried to spread her legs apart, but as soon as he let go, her legs would close again.
[1102] Purogenin was like an ant on a hot pan. If only he had two of himself, then he wouldn't have to worry about filming while loving her.
[1103] Purogenin thought for a moment and decided to focus on loving her first. Having made this decision, he put the camera back on the tripod.
[1104] He undid his belt, took off his pants and underwear, and then tied his belt around her neck.
[1105] He didn't want to kill her just yet.
[1106] Pao Shengnin takes off all his clothes, leaving only a pair of socks. He eagerly presses her down, using his mouth to tease her nipples, his left hand massaging her breasts, and his right hand gently exploring her genital area.
[1107] "… Don't... Don't…" She furrows her brow and slowly shakes her head, unsure of her level of consciousness.
[1108] "Tsubouchi… Mr.…"
[1109] That must be the man she admires, the poor woman. Let me help you forget that unfaithful man.
[1110] Pao Shengnin suddenly realizes he has completely forgotten about the music and hurriedly finds his CD player from his backpack, putting headphones on both himself and the sleeping woman.
[1111] He pressed the play button on the CD player. As the music began to play, he roughly inserted his already eager penis into her still-dry body.
[1112] Perhaps the volume of the CD was too loud, waking her up, or perhaps Pusenian's actions were too painful. Regardless, she opened her eyes slightly, looking at Pusenian with terrified eyes.
[1113] He smiled at her.
[1114] "I love you."
[1115] She covered her chest with her hands in terror, desperately wriggling her body to try to escape from under him.
[1116]"You don't have to be so shy... Come on, listen to this song. It's a good one. Come on, let's love each other."
[1117]"No! Let me go!"
[1118]She began to scream and thrash about.
[1119]Beisheng Ren knew he couldn't wait any longer, so he grabbed the belt already wrapped around her neck and pulled hard on both ends.
[1120]She immediately understood the meaning of the action and clung to his hands with all her might, her body flipping up and down.
[1121] Púshēngrěn suddenly felt a sense of illusion, as if he were a cowboy riding a wild horse.
[1122] He gritted his teeth and pulled on the belt even harder, thrusting his penis deeper into her body with all his might.
[1123] She screamed like a wild animal, but soon her screams faded away, replaced by a faint meow-like moan from her throat. She continued to resist with all her strength, pushing him away and clawing at his hands with her nails. Her eyes were wide open, and she violently twisted her neck.
[1124] At this point, her body began to convulse, and her vagina, which was wrapped around Púshēngrěn's penis, began to contract and relax rhythmically. Under this intense stimulation, Púshēngrěn could no longer hold back and ejaculated inside her.
[1125] They both convulsed and trembled together, then settled down at the same time.
[1126] This was the ultimate climax, and we both reached it together.
[1127] Púshēngrěn buried his face in her cleavage, completely immersed in the afterglow.
[1128] The stench of excrement woke him up from his dream. He looked at her legs and saw that she had not only urinated but also loosened her anus, and soft excrement had spread all over the bed.
[1129] Púshēngrěn felt that he couldn't continue to love her in this state. He took a roll of toilet paper from the bathroom and patiently wiped her buttocks clean, then removed the soiled sheets and rolled them into a ball and threw them into the bathtub.
[1130] Even though it was the woman he loved, feces is still feces. Some perverted people consider feces to be precious, but I'm not one of them.
[1131] He waited for the stench in the room to dissipate as he thought this.
[1132] He manipulated the dead woman, making her pose in various ways in front of the camera. As he watched the scenes through the viewfinder, his desire was rekindled. He picked up the camera, changed the angle, and then attacked the cold corpse again.
[1133] He walked along the edge of the bed facing the camera, making her sit on top of him facing the camera, and then inserting himself from behind into her body. He spread her legs as much as possible to allow the camera to capture their union more clearly.
[1134] This video tape will become my treasure.
[1135] When the tape stopped, he realized how quickly time had passed.
[1136] It was already around 3:30 am, and it was time to go back.
[1137] From under his backpack, he took out a towel-wrapped meat cleaver. This was a new meat cleaver he had bought, not the ceramic one he used to cut Dai Lixiang's breasts. Until he found a better way to bring his beloved woman home, he could only make do with this method. With great dexterity, Bolegen Ren cut off her pair of breasts and placed them carefully into a black plastic bag he had brought from home. These black plastic bags were from his kitchen.
[1138] At this moment, Bolegen Ren noticed the white liquid flowing out from between the woman's legs. His own semen was slowly flowing out from her body.
[1139] Bolegen Ren only then realized that he had not brought any condoms today. If he left his semen there and escaped, it would be troublesome. The last time he had sex with Dai Lixiang, she had brought the condoms.
[1140] Bolegen Ren did not pay much attention to leaving hair or fingerprints at the scene from the beginning. He had not considered these things, but this time he felt that leaving his semen at the scene might pose some risks.
[1141] If he uses toilet paper to wipe it, it might clean up, but it will still be detected, right? Will some semen still be left on the vaginal wall? How advanced is the forensic technology of the police? Can they detect these traces?
[1142] Kou Shengan almost shouts out loud, as he suddenly thinks of a brilliant idea.
[1143] Oh, I'll just cut it off and take it with me!
[1144] Kou Shengan is amazed that he didn't think of such a simple and straightforward method before.
[1145] His attention had been focused on her breasts - their shape was extremely tempting, as if they were teasing him to cut them off and take them - that he didn't realize that he could simply cut off her reproductive organs and take them with him if he wanted to.
[1146] If I could cut her entire vagina off, I could masturbate in the bathroom and enjoy the pleasure of intercourse!
[1147] Although he really hated seeing blood, he had to endure it now for the sake of future pleasures.
[1148] Pùshēngrěn spread her legs almost to a hundred and eighty degrees and began to examine her genitalia. He pressed his hand on it and checked where there were bones and where there weren't any.
[1149] He carefully cut a circular shape around the outer genitalia with a knife until the blade hit the bone. Although this method would easily cut it off, it would only result in a vaginal opening, making it impossible to have intercourse with her.
[1150] Pùshēngrěn thought for a moment and decided to cut her lower abdomen open to see. He pressed the knife against the upper edge of her dense pubic hair and cut it down to the pubic bone. Seeing only meaty blocks that looked like intestines, Pùshēngrěn frowned and carefully tried to separate these meat blocks with his fingers, but he couldn't see the inside of the abdomen. With no other options, he took a deep breath and plunged both hands into her body, using all his strength to push the intestines apart, finally revealing a meatball.
[1151] The small ball of meat is amazingly small. Pù Shēngnìn wonders in his mind, is this really the uterus? He thinks about it and pinches it with his fingers, causing it to deflate and a stream of urine to flow out from the cut genitals.
[1152] Pù Shēngnìn nods, indicating that this should be the bladder. He looks around and finds a darker-colored meaty block on the inside of the bladder, which he estimates to be the uterus.
[1153] He extends his right hand and grasps it, trying to pinch it and pull it.
[1154] The muscle of this meaty block is quite elastic, but it is still not as big as her fist. As soon as he pulls it up to the bladder, her genitals sink in, indicating that these two are indeed connected.
[1155] Pù Shēngnìn flips the skin around the genitals, inserts the knife, and cuts off the part connected to the bone and skin. He then pulls the uterus again with all his might. He sees the genitals slowly disappearing into the body, and in the part of her lower abdomen that has been cut open, he sees the vagina connecting the genitals and the uterus. The bladder has already been pulled out by him, but he can't pull it out any further, as it is still connected to other organs through small blood vessels.
[1156] Pao Shengnin used his bloodied hand to cut off the bladder. As he pulled, he discovered two more things on either side of the uterus - likely ovaries - that were also in the way, so he swiftly cut them off as well.
[1157] In the end, he was left with a uterus that could fit in his hand, a tube connecting it, an external genitalia attached to the end of the tube, and a piece of skin surrounding it.
[1158] Pao Shengnin felt no sexual interest in the items in his hand. He felt that this part did not represent her essence and did not experience the same satisfaction he had felt when removing her breasts.
[1159] At this point, a few drops of semen mixed with blood slowly dripped from the items in his hand.
[1160] Pao Shengnin was shocked by this scene.
[1161] He felt incredibly strange. If she were still alive, his semen would have the potential to create a new life. However, he killed her and planned to bring home everything that could create life to enjoy.
[1162] Is this a desecration of life? That's probably it. But the act of contraception for the sake of sexual pleasure itself is a desecration of life. If love is the ultimate goal of humanity, then people should be willing to make any sacrifice for love. These lives that can only last a few decades before disappearing from the world do not have such a valuable value as love.
[1163] Shengren hummed softly.
[1164] Regardless of the changes in the world,
[1165] My love will never change.
[1166] That's just what the lyrics say.
[1167] He tightly sealed the plastic bag with the still-bleeding uterus and vagina, which he had previously used to hold the breasts, and began to clean up the scene.
[1168] He washed his sticky hands and the knife, then put on his clothes, packed up the tripod, and put it and the camera in the bottom of his backpack. After putting away the camera stuff, he wrapped the knife in a towel again and placed it on top of the camera. Finally, he carefully put the plastic bag containing her into his backpack. The CD player, set to loop, had stopped working out of battery. He thought, next time, I'll bring a transformer.
[1169] He left without looking at her corpse and walked away without turning back.
[1170] Púshēngrěn didn't care about the freezing cold. His luck was good, and he quickly hailed a taxi. When he got home, it was still before 5 a.m.
[1171] In his room, he opened the plastic bag to check if it was intact on the way. There was no time today to be with it again. He saw that the breasts and uterus were covered in blood, so he quietly slipped into the bathroom and washed it with hot water, then found two new plastic bags and put them in separately, tightly tied the bag mouth, and buried them in the yard. Finally, he crumpled up the bag he brought it back in and threw it into the kitchen garbage can.
[1172] Oh, the best thing to do with the videotape is to find a place to hide it. He thought about it for a while and decided to put it in his backpack for safety. That should be fine.
[1173] Pú Shēngrěn finished all these things and slept peacefully.
[1174] It was around 6am on February 4th, and he had to go to school today. He didn't have much time left for sleep.
[1175] 3 March Yaiko
[1176] Yaiko stared blankly at the news.
[1177] It was 6 pm on March 4th, and there were only Botan and Yaiko at home. Botan locked himself in his room, while Yaiko sat alone in the living room.
[1178] "... This afternoon, the police found a female corpse in a hotel in the central district of Yokohama. The victim's breasts and uterus were partially cut off. The police have confirmed that the victim is a 24-year-old company employee named Tomoko Fujii from Mitaka City. The Kanagawa Prefectural Police believe that this case is significantly related to the two recent murder cases that have occurred in Tokyo. - Now, let me introduce a very distinctive kimono doll…"
[1179] Yaiko felt dizzy, and the world around her seemed to shrink like an old TV screen, engulfed in darkness, with only the sound of her heart beating in her ears. All the scenes and scents she had tried to erase from her mind came back to her in the darkness.
[1180] The child didn't come back last night… The child didn't come back last night…
[1181] No, there's no connection at all. The child couldn't possibly be involved in this.
[1182] Yaiko slightly turned her head, looking in the direction of her son's room.
[1183] There's no connection with the son. There were plenty of men in Tokyo who didn't come home last night. The son just happened not to come home last night, what does that mean?
[1184] Yes, it means nothing.
[1185] The son is a college student now, and it's normal for him to occasionally stay out late or spend the night elsewhere. He probably went out with friends to celebrate after the exam.
[1186] Yoko knew deep down that the son's university exams were completed three weeks ago, and he hadn't contacted any friends recently. Moreover, although he returned home at 10:00 a.m. today, there was no trace of alcohol on his body. Yoko tried hard to push these thoughts out of her mind, but she couldn't.
[1187] The child didn't really like drinking, and even if he attended a class reunion, he would go home early. He didn't have many friends, so why did he spend the night outside?
[1188] Furthermore, the son has been avoiding me since he came back this morning and hasn't looked at me at all.
[1189] Could it be that the son had a woman? Did he and his girlfriend stay in a hotel for the night? Was he afraid of punishment and didn't want to face me?
[1190] These personal feelings made her recall the series of murders that took place in the hotel.
[1191] Yasuko had decided not to read any news related to this serial murder case, but she still had some knowledge of the case from the gossip programs and the weekly magazines her husband bought.
[1192] There were no common points between the two victims. The first victim's breasts were cut off by the killer, but the second victim's lower abdomen was cut open. Then, there was a recent fact that the police found the glass packaging paper of an eight-centimeter camcorder tape in the trash can at the scene of the second victim's murder.
[1193] For example, "Nightmare Revisited?!" "The Murderer's Filming of the Crime Scene!" "The Perpetrator is a Photography Enthusiast?" and so on...
[1194] Is it an eight-centimeter camcorder?
[1195] Yasuko didn't know whether the previous serial killer who murdered children used VHS (Video Home System, abbreviation for home video system) or eight-centimeter tape, but she heard that eight-centimeter camcorders were quite popular nowadays and not a rare thing. Even if we had an eight-centimeter camcorder at home, the child was not a photography enthusiast and wouldn't use it obsessively. Moreover, he didn't watch ordinary video tapes too frequently.
[1196] No, it's not. It's definitely not done by the child. There must be a serial killer lurking in the shadows who is not good at socializing and spends his/her time in a low-level world of depravity, with a house full of perverted comics and videos.
[1197] It must be the crime of a perverted criminal, but this time the object of his/her sexual desires is not a young girl.
[1198] I must ask him why he came home so late in the morning. Of course, if he really spent the night with a girl, it would be difficult for him to tell me about it, but if he understands that I don't blame him, he should open up to me. Then I will tell him to bring her home for dinner sometime. As long as she is a decent girl, I won't say anything even if I don't like her. After all, he may not marry her, and as long as the child is satisfied, I have no reason to object.
[1199] No, I must believe my son's judgment. He will bring back a pretty girl for me.
[1200] Chapter 07
[1201]1 March Higuchi
[1202] "First, we need to organize the dates, times, and locations of these three incidents," Takiuchi said after arranging the napkins on the table, suddenly addressing Yū.
[1203] Now it is 8:00 pm on March 4th.
[1204] After seeing the news of the third murder case, Shima Fuu immediately called Yagita to make arrangements. They agreed to meet at a café near the apartment in the evening.
[1205]Xuān Today she is not wearing that gray suit. She is wearing a sweater on top and black jeans on the bottom. However, her short haircut still reminds Kikuchi of her sister.
[1206]He averted Fujiko's gaze and pulled out a pen from his chest pocket, scribbling the following on the napkin:
[1207]January 4th, Saturday evening, Shinjuku Kabukicho
[1208]February 3rd, Monday evening, Aoyama (Roppongi?)
[1209]March 3rd, Tuesday evening, near the Horinouchi Interchange on the Keihin Expressway
[1210]"We only have these three clues, and there's no apparent pattern, but since we can't use a manpower approach, we need to find the most likely place and time for the killer to appear... Have you thought of anything?"
[1211] Kikuchi asked, trying to test Akiyoshi's abilities and willpower.
[1212] Akiyoshi seemed a bit surprised by the abrupt question and fell silent for a moment, looking at the napkin on the table. She then spoke: "First, the perpetrator reappeared a month later. However, the crime scenes are irregular, and so are the times. The first case happened during the New Year's holiday, and if we treat it as an exception, then the other two cases occurred on weekdays."
[1213] It seems that your brain is not dull. In today's society, more and more young people don't think for themselves, so Kikuchi was still quite satisfied with Akiyoshi's ability to clearly express her simple ideas.
[1214] However, he simply nodded and continued to ask: "So, how did the killer carry out his actions and choose his victims?"
[1215] "Based on my sister's example, I think the killer is not someone my sister knows. Therefore, I believe that the killer met my sister by chance on a busy street that night..." Akiyoshi seemed hesitant, not just because she lacked confidence, but also because she didn't want to recall her sister's incident again.
[1216] "What about yesterday's case?"
[1217] "I don't know." Shun spoke honestly.
[1218] Higuchi decided to console her again.
[1219] "Where did the killer meet the victim, how did he take her away, and why did he take her to Yokohama?"
[1220] Shun thought for a moment and finally looked up and said, "By car. He drove the victim and pretended to take her home!"
[1221] Hikoku nodded. Her conclusion was in line with his own. Although he knew that this conclusion might not be the truth, he thought the most meaningful thing was that a young woman, from her own perspective, indirectly confirmed his speculation.
[1222] "I also think so. Many people drive past the long line of taxi pick-up points to see if there's an opportunity to pick up a woman. Many women complain about the unfortunate experiences they have after getting into such a car. But, when there's a long line of people waiting for over an hour and only a few taxis come, and there are dozens of people in front of you, if a polite and handsome man in a good-looking car stops in front of you and offers to take you home, many women would happily get in, wouldn't they? From the way your sister let her guard down, the killer must be a kind and polite-looking man. Maybe a pretty boy."
[1223] "But...then the two previous cases were also..."
[1224] "No. The previous two cases are different from this one. The killer started driving from the third case. Although we don't know why he started driving, we can't rule out the possibility that the killer deliberately committed crimes in other prefectures to confuse the police investigation. However, if that were the case, then the killer would be a very clever criminal."
[1225] At this point, their coffee was finally served. Hikoku quickly crumpled the napkin into a ball, and the two of them sat silently waiting for the server to leave.
[1226] "So...," Yuzu spoke first.
[1227] "What?"
[1228] "I... we, where do we even look for the killer?"
[1229] Indeed, that was a question. If they had two teams, one could go to Shinjuku while the other waited in Roppongi, but they couldn't even do that now. Hirakawa hadn't decided on a course of action yet, hoping to find some inspiration from their conversation.
[1230] "…In yesterday's case, the location where the victim met the killer – although I think we can find out with a little more investigation – I think it's very likely to be in Shinjuku. Since the victim's home is in Towa, we can infer that she missed the last train on the Chuo Line and was waiting for a taxi at the taxi stand. The line for hailing a taxi should have been very long. I think that's where she got into the killer's car. After that, the killer probably invited her to see the Rainbow Bridge, so they went to Yokohama and stayed at a hotel in Kamakura."
[1231] "So, the killer might appear again in Shinjuku, right?" Shun confirmed with Takeda.
[1232] "…That's not necessarily the case. The killer committed the first crime in Shinjuku, so he deliberately avoided Shinjuku to go to Roppongi to find a target the second time. So if the third case really occurs in Shinjuku, the killer probably won't go back to Shinjuku to commit the crime again. Or, let's think differently. Perhaps the killer lives a life where he is in Roppongi on Mondays and in Shinjuku on Tuesdays, perhaps he has a job and just happens to see a woman who suits his taste and commits the crime.
[1233] "A job...is the killer an ordinary office worker?" Shun pointed out the key point.
[1234] "The killer could be a company employee. However, I always have a feeling that the killer should be someone with more free time, like a field worker. Because the killer committed the crime the day after the second day, which was still a normal workday, and he could drive around at night and check into a hotel with a woman, it can be inferred that his job is not too busy in the morning and certainly does not require him to stay late at night. Therefore, the killer is not a self-employed person, so he must be...
[1235] Takeda stopped, as this was an unexpected hypothesis.
[1236] "Not a self-employed person, then what?" Shizuku prompted.
[1237] Takeda decided to share his hypothesis.
[1238] "The killer is not a self-employed person, then he must be a student…"
[1239] Shizuku was shocked. Takeda continued before she could speak, "I think the killer is probably someone in their twenties, at most not exceeding thirty-five. If the third victim indeed meets our reasoning and gets into the killer's car, it means the killer's age should not be too different from the victim's. The killer may not be a student, but there are still people who don't work in one place and wander around aimlessly, like freelancers. In my opinion, the killer is probably that kind of person."
[1240] "So, you mean the killer is a freeter?… Well, it's possible. "
[1241] The freeters believe that they should have fun as long as they have money, and if they run out of money, they can just do odd jobs. The word "freeter" is a boring name given to these boring people. These carefree people can survive even in an economic downturn, but have they ever thought about what they will rely on to survive when the economy is bad? Even formal employees in companies can be laid off when the economy is bad, and they can't find a job even if they want to work hard. Have they ever thought about these things?
[1242] They probably haven't thought about it. They don't understand the importance of work, nor do they understand the importance of survival, so they take away someone else's life without a care in the world. Just like the guy who killed those little girls, he's definitely not a hard-working person. He was raised with everything handed to him, able to drive a luxury car around town without making a dime, and grew up without learning the rules of life. When he's in a bad mood or restless, he turns to attacking women and persecuting homeless people. Although their actions often lead to the death of the victims, since they don't understand the meaning of life, they don't feel any guilt.
[1243] Fujiko cut off this thought and looked at Fujiko again: "Based on the above information, I think the most feasible method should be this: first, we go to Roppongi every Monday, and the rest of the time we go to places like Shinjuku, Shibuya, Roppongi, etc., where young people gather. … Fujiko-san, it's up to you now. You have your own job, so you can't go every day…"
[1244] "I quit," Fujiko answered decisively.
[1245] "Quit… why?" Fujiko asked in surprise.
[1246] "Of course, to catch the killer. Right now, the most important thing for me is to bring the person who killed my sister to justice. So, if Tachibana-san doesn't mind, I'll go with you every day."
[1247] Tachibana noticed that Fujiko's eyes had lost their dark cloudiness when she answered him. Perhaps the upcoming action allowed her to gradually overcome her guilt.
[1248] At this moment, Tachibana felt that he was slowly regaining the will to live that he had lost.
[1249] For the past few months, the endless anger and emptiness that had been lingering in Tachibana's heart could only be resolved by his original job - pursuing criminals. Although Tachibana felt it was not the case, he knew that he was still a detective, and this innate habit would not change until he died.
[1250] "You're too impatient," Tachibana wanted to say something like this to Fujiko, but he held back. If they decide to pursue the killer, they cannot give up halfway. Fujiko's decision not to use her free time to act might even be a good thing.
[1251] "Okay. But I don't plan to start immediately from tomorrow. Based on the interval between the cases so far, the killer probably won't go out to find the next target right away. I think it's better to collect more information rather than wasting time knowing it's useless."
[1252] "…Whatever you do, please give me instructions."
[1253] Ikegawa nodded, and now he was very clear that Isogai sincerely wanted to catch the killer.
[1254] On the second day, March 5th, Ikegawa decided to focus on attacking the killer's weaknesses first.
[1255] Ikegawa took Isogai to visit a professor who is currently teaching at a university. The professor is also a psychiatrist, and Ikegawa has often asked him to help the police with psychological assessments, so they are quite familiar. Since the school is on vacation now, Ikegawa confirmed with the school authorities that the professor is usually in his laboratory. The professor's name is Takeuchi Shin, an expert in criminal psychology, whom Ikegawa consulted a lot before retiring.
[1256] Taki thought that Takada was not much older than him and should be around retirement age. As he thought about this, he walked into the laboratory.
[1257] The laboratory was filled with the smell of old books, and the spring afternoon sunlight streamed in through the window, casting distorted shadows on the floor and sofa.
[1258] "Detective Taki, it's been a long time," Professor Takada looked happy and his joyful eyes shone through his glasses. He led them to a synthetic plastic sofa.
[1259] Professor Takada wore a pair of slacks with a plaid pattern, a high-collared sweater, and a brown corduroy jacket. Although his outfit seemed a bit messy considering his age, his well-groomed gray hair and angular, European-looking face made him appear stylish and fashionable. Taki felt that he looked ten years older standing in front of him.
[1260] "…When did you… I don't remember you having a daughter." Professor Takada asked Ishiguro, who was wearing a suit, curiously.
[1261] "Is this lady a detective?"
[1262] "No, she is Iseki-san, who is helping me with some secretarial work," Wakimoto introduced to the professor, Aoi smiled slightly and took out a notebook and an automatic pencil from her bag as they had planned beforehand.
[1263] "Secretary?" Professor Takada repeated.
[1264] "Yes, actually, I've been trying to write a book lately."
[1265] "Write a book?" Professor Takada was even more confused and repeated it again.
[1266] "Yes, I want to write a book similar to a crime chronicle. Someone asked me if I should write in detail about the cases I have encountered, but I'm not sure if it will be published smoothly. After all, I am getting old, and I just see it as a hobby."
[1267] "Oh, I see. That's good. Really good... So, which event do you plan to focus on?"
[1268] "Honestly, I want to mainly write about perverted and bizarre crimes. To write about such things, of course, I need to consult with you first."
[1269] "I see. But I'm not sure if I can help you."
[1270] "Now there is a series of serial killings outside that are being talked about. I want to add a chapter about this event at the end of the book if possible." Takanashi tried to appear indifferent and said.
[1271] The professor nodded several times.
[1272] "Ah, that case, I am currently assisting the police with it, and it is indeed an interesting case."
[1273] Taki thought, "What a scholar!" The professor spoke without saying "excessive" or "sad," but instead said "interesting."
[1274] "So, Professor, can you tell me your opinion about this case? Even if I have to publish the book later, I won't mention your name if you don't want me to."
[1275] "No problem, it doesn't matter if it's published or not. Let me think... I forgot whether it was yesterday or the day before yesterday, that guy made another crime, right? I haven't heard any news about the third victim yet, so I can only tell you some past data and the analysis I provided to the police about the first two cases. Is that okay with you?"
[1276] "Sure, I'll take whatever you can give me."
[1277] The professor put on his glasses and pressed his lips together for a moment, thinking. He had completely forgotten about Tsukishima's mention of writing a book. It seemed that the professor was thrilled to discuss his favorite topic with someone. That's why Tsukishima chose to consult this professor. After all, making up an excuse about writing a book was too easy to be convincing.
[1278] "Do you know a British serial killer named Christie?"
[1279] The professor spoke in a lecturing tone.
[1280] Tsukishima thought, "Just like old times."
[1281] "Christie, you say? I only know Agatha Christie…"
[1282] "What? I'm talking about John Reginald Christie. In March 1953, police found four female corpses, including his wife, inside his walls and under the floorboards. Two skeletons were also found in his backyard. According to Christie's confession, he lured prostitutes to his home, strangled them, and buried them in the backyard. In December 1952, he strangled his wife with a stocking, and a few weeks later, he killed another prostitute. Then, ten days later, he killed another. In March of the following year, he killed another. Finally, the police arrested him when he was wandering aimlessly on the streets of London."
[1283] The professor paused for a moment. Hikoku and Yuzu listened intently, not wanting to interrupt.
[1284] "The police found carbon monoxide in the blood of the prostitutes and semen in their vaginas. According to Christie's confession, he would invite the prostitutes to his home, offer them alcohol, and have them sit on a recliner. Then he would unscrew the valve from the nearby gas pipe. When they were unconscious, he would strangle them and then rape their corpses. Since the victims were either prostitutes or his wife, there was no need to kill them if he just wanted to have sex with them, so the police concluded that he had some sexual dysfunction and could only have sex with unconscious women. So, do you have any ideas after hearing this?"
[1285] "…You mean the killer in this case also has sexual dysfunction?"
[1286] "It's likely, he's probably a man who can't have sex with living women. I asked the police about the condition of the victims' bodies, and the killer's pathology is severe. After killing the girl in January, he raped her so badly that her vaginal mucosa broke, and her body was mutilated. The victim from last month may have suffered the same abuse."
[1287] Taki noticed that Yuzuki was trembling and turning pale, clutching her pencil tightly. She had no idea about the unwritten rules of the media not to report taboo topics such as incest and necrophilia.
[1288] Taki began to regret bringing Yuzuki here.
[1289] "Possibly, what do you mean by 'possibly'?"
[1290] The professor seemed not to notice Yuzuki's trembling voice and shrugged. "Because the vagina is missing, the police couldn't investigate and don't know if she was raped by the killer."
[1291] Yuzuki let out a gasping sound and her face turned pale. The professor finally noticed her reaction and apologized to her with a slightly apologetic tone, "Oh, I'm sorry. These things are too stimulating for little girls."
[1292] "… Disappeared… What does 'disappeared' mean?" Yuzuki gasped and asked.
[1293] "Enough. Miss Yuzuki, please go outside. I'll be fine alone from now on." Tsurikou said. After hearing that the vagina of the corpse had disappeared, Tsurikou was also extremely shocked. He had always thought that the killer only cut open the lower abdomen of the corpse.
[1294] "No! I have a duty to know the circumstances of my sister's death, and I must listen to the end. Please let me stay here and listen to the end. I beg you."
[1295] "Sister?" the professor asked. It seemed that this professor was very good at parroting.
[1296] Tsukimi knows he has to be honest now.
[1297] "… She… She is named Shima Xiang, the younger sister of the second victim, Shima Minako."
[1298] "This… this…" The professor is flustered, not knowing what else to say. He only glances at Xiang, then at Tsukimi, observing for a moment, and decides that he can continue to ask questions today, so he continues.
[1299] "Professor, I'm really sorry. To be honest, I also know the victim. We just wanted to do something for the deceased Miss Minako. We thought it would be best to consult with you first."
[1300] "Oh." The professor takes a moment to react. He is not very angry at being deceived, and seems to sympathize with Xiang's situation. He glances at her slightly, then at Tsukimi, observing for a moment, and decides that he can continue to ask questions today, so he continues.
[1301] "If you know, can you tell us in detail about what happened to Ms. Shima… uh, the second victim? We only have some news reports to go by."
[1302] The professor looked worriedly at Kouen but, seeing her determined gaze, slowly spoke: "…She, like the first victim, had her breasts cut off by the killer, both of them. The killer also opened her lower abdomen and took her… not just her external genitalia, but also her internal reproductive organs. There were no major injuries to the rest of the body."
[1303] Although Kouken recalled the condition of the bodies he had seen from Naito's description, it seemed that they could not be compared. Kouken remembered two criminals who, despite killing the victims, continued to stab the bodies out of fear that the dead would come back to life. However, this time the killer was different; he was like a madman who could perform "surgical operations" calmly.
[1304] Suddenly, a question popped into Kouken's head, and he asked the professor, "Can an untrained killer perform such a surgical crime so easily?"
[1305] "I'm not sure. However, the forensic pathologist who examined the victim's body told me that he thinks the killer has some medical knowledge. The killer could be a doctor or a medical student, but his surgery was not very good. However, I don't think even a skilled doctor could complete that surgery with just a meat cleaver."
[1306] Yuzuki let out a groan and trembled as she placed the automatic pencil she had been using for shorthand on the notebook and then covered her stomach and mouth with her hands. Her face was even paler than before. She must have imagined something horrifying after hearing the word "meat cleaver."
[1307] Yuki wanted to say something, but Yuzuki gestured for him not to interrupt the professor.
[1308] "…It's okay, don't worry about me. Please continue." Yuzuki's throat trembled as she swallowed saliva, trying to suppress the urge to vomit.
[1309] Yuki felt that there was no need to ask for more information about the bodies, and he wanted to hear the expert's opinion on the criminal's motive and personality.
[1310] "So, I would like to ask you, professor, what do you think about the intentions and personality of the killer who committed such acts?"
[1311] The professor fell into contemplation and did not immediately respond. He had already expressed his opinion to the police, so he was now thinking about how to explain it to Hikaru and Yū.
[1312] "...I said before that the killer cannot have sex with a living woman... at least he cannot achieve sexual satisfaction while doing so. The killer probably has psychogenic impotence, which may be due to some physical defects - such as a small penis, short stature, or ugliness - and the resulting sense of inferiority. However, there are many cases where features that others do not consider as defects are perceived as major defects by the individual, resulting in a sense of inferiority. ...Of course, these things probably won't help much with the investigation."
[1313] Inferiority complex is something that everyone has to some extent, but only the individual knows the intensity of their own inferiority complex. Even if it can be determined that the killer has impotence, it cannot be required that doctors provide a list of impotent patients to the police. Therefore, the professor's statements do not have a direct impact on the investigation.
[1314] "Can you speculate on the age, occupation, and family environment of the killer?"
[1315] "I think it's almost meaningless to speculate on the age of the killer. The killer could be any male of any age, except for those who have not yet ejaculated and those who are bedridden. Remember the case of the serial killer who murdered young girls? The police had previously speculated that the killer might be a middle-aged man, but when the real culprit was arrested, it turned out to be a young man in his twenties, even more immature than his actual age... However, if I had to give a reference range, I would say that the killer's age is likely to be between 25 and 50 years old. In fact, I have some reservations about narrowing the range to this extent...”
[1316]“Next, what about the killer's occupation? Here, the speculative nature is even greater. If the killer suffers from psychogenic impotence, he should be a well-educated person. Firstly, impotence has a high incidence rate among intellectuals, and considering the killer's method of removing the victim's reproductive organs, I am confident that the killer is most likely an intellectual. By the way, the police believe that the killer probably recorded the crime process on a video camera and left behind the packaging paper of the tape. Of course, since many couples record their intimate moments, it is not impossible that the packaging paper left behind is from a couple who had previously stayed in this room. Regardless, let's assume this is what the killer left behind, which suggests that the killer's financial situation is good. Additionally, we need to consider that the killer did not choose to commit the crime on the day before the weekend, which means that the killer is probably not an ordinary office worker.”
[1317]The professor's analysis aligns with Kikuchi's basic thoughts.
[1318]“What about the killer's family environment?” Kikuchi prompted.
[1319]“... I think he doesn't live alone. Otherwise, he would not take the risk of being seen and go to a hotel to commit the crime. He could have easily taken care of the body at home and then disposed of it anywhere. I think he probably lives with someone else and cannot bring the woman home without being noticed.”
[1320]Kikuchi has serious doubts about whether this general theory applies to a psychotic serial killer. Couldn't the killer be a student living in a single-room high-end apartment who is wealthy? If the killer only went to the hotel to avoid staining his nice room with blood...
[1321] "I'm sorry, professor, I meant the family environment in terms of mental aspects…"
[1322] "Oh, I see. Of course, there must be some problems in the killer's family. I think either the killer's father has issues or the killer grew up in a single-parent household. In any case, the killer is unable to reach sexual maturity. That's all I can speculate on."
[1323] The professor continued, "Let's analyze the killer's modus operandi again… I think there are three reasons why the killer cut off the victim's breasts: the first possibility is that the killer sees the breasts as an object of admiration; the second possibility is that the killer sees the breasts as an object of hatred; and the last possibility is that neither of the above is true."
[1324] "If he sees the breasts as an object of admiration, I think the killer might have taken the breasts home or even eaten them. If the breasts are an object of hatred, my conclusion is that the killer not only cannot have sex with a living woman but also cannot have sex with any woman who has breasts. In other words, as long as the victim has breasts, the killer cannot achieve sexual satisfaction, so he kills the victim, removes the breasts, and then rapes the corpse. The killer may have some homosexual tendencies. Which one do you think is more likely?"
[1325] The professor's eyes gleamed with excitement. Faced with his question, Shikishima felt confused: first, he couldn't understand the killer's perverted psychology, and second, the professor spoke with such enthusiasm that it seemed he already had an answer in his mind.
[1326] "In my opinion, the first one you mentioned is the most likely. Since the police couldn't find the victim's breasts at the crime scene, it's natural to assume that the killer took them home. Things that the killer doesn't need should be found at the crime scene."
[1327] "Yes, that's right. That's right."
[1328] The professor seemed to have been cut off by Taki's words, slightly disappointed and agreed reluctantly, then regained his composure and continued, "And the last situation, neither admiration nor hatred. The killer probably had a completely different reason for taking the breasts."
[1329] Taki could not even imagine such a different reason.
[1330] "There is a man named Wayne Porter in Canada who has an abnormal obsession with women's breasts. He would strangle women during sex and bite their breasts so hard that he would leave clear bite marks. He ended up killing three women. Since the police found strong evidence of his bite marks on the victims, he was sentenced to life imprisonment. We can also think that the killer in this case may have taken the breasts to eliminate the traces left by his bite marks, that is, the bite marks. Of course, the killer may have more practical reasons, but that's not within my research scope. In any case, I think the first hypothesis is the most likely, that the killer took the victim's breasts for admiration."
[1331] Fukuhara realized that the professor might have just given so many hypotheses for fun. Although he felt that way when the professor was halfway through, but at the end he felt it might not be the case.
[1332] The professor continued with his analysis.
[1333] "The first victim was sexually assaulted multiple times after death, but no traces of semen were found in her body. However, there was a condom wrapper found at the crime scene, so it's not surprising that no semen was found in her body. The killer was wearing a condom during the assault. Additionally, the same brand of condoms were found in the victim's possessions, indicating that the victim provided the condoms to the killer. This is very important. The victim had asked the killer to wear a condom before being killed, which means that the victim and the killer had contact, agreed, and planned to have sex before the killer and the victim engaged in intercourse. "
[1334] "In the second victim's blood, a high concentration of alcohol was detected, which means she was definitely drunk and unconscious. If we assume that the killer's motive was purely sexual, as in the case of Christy, there was no need for him to kill them. - According to a serial rapist and murderer's confession, when he strangled women, their entire bodies would contract and spasm, which would bring a more intense pleasure than ordinary sex. He would repeatedly strangle the women during the rape to savor this feeling. However, I don't think Christy or this case's killer was just seeking the pleasure of strangling someone. Considering the killer's apparent tendency to cut off the breasts for play, it's clear that the killer has a necrophilia tendency. "
[1335] "Necrophilia…" Fukuhara whispered. Her face remained pale, and she stared intently at the professor.
[1336] The professor nodded vigorously.
[1337] "Yes, necrophilia, also known as necrophiliac. It is a sexual pervert who obtains sexual satisfaction through necrophilia.
[1338] Yuki turned her head to the window, where young people walked by laughing in the bright sunlight outside. Although there was only a thin layer of glass between the inside and the outside, Yuki felt as if they were in two different worlds.
[1339] In this university campus filled with laughter, we sat in this musty laboratory discussing a group of mentally ill men.
[1340] In fact, we were discussing the sick here, and our hearts were also sick, and we were already incurable. Whether it was Yuki or me, we were sick --- the professor in front of us was probably also sick.
[1341] At this moment, they were peering into the abyss on the edge of the abyss, but Higuchi still planned to rush in and pursue relentlessly. He knew that the upright and upright Fujii would not easily give up.
[1342] Higuchi stopped thinking about other things and continued to listen to the professor's analysis.
[1343] "The second victim, her external genitalia, vagina, and uterus were cut off and taken by the killer. From the fact that the killer carefully removed them, it can be seen that the killer did not regard these organs symbolizing femininity as objects of hatred. That is, these reproductive organs and breasts were taken as playthings by the killer. However, the killer obviously thought of taking the external genitalia and breasts together after killing the second victim. Perhaps he had planned to do so from the beginning when he killed the first victim, but he was not allowed by time or he did not think of cutting off the external genitalia at that time. In any case, the breasts are much more important to the killer than the external genitalia.
[1344] "I think the situation is probably like this: In the crime scene of the second murder case, the police did not find any packaging bags or boxes of condoms, nor did they find any traces of semen. There was a condom vending machine set up in the love hotel room where the killer and the victim had sex, but the number of condoms in the machine did not decrease. Therefore, if the killer behaved like the first victim, I think the killer should have reached sexual climax in the victim's body and ejaculated into the victim's body. However, since the killer did not use a condom, the semen was left in the victim's vagina and uterus. Therefore, the killer took the victim's vagina and uterus to leave no key evidence of semen on the scene. Similarly, we can think that the real purpose of the killer in cutting off the victim's breasts is probably to eliminate the key evidence of tooth marks.
[1345] Higuchi couldn't help but call out.
[1346]"What a joke! Just for this reason… What a sadistic sadist!"
[1347]However, the professor immediately refuted this point.
[1348]"He is not the sadist that everyone thinks he is. If we remove the parts cut off from the body, the other parts of the body are virtually intact. According to the description of the police on the scene, the killer neatly folded the victim's clothes and put them aside, and the condition of the body was also quite tidy. This is different from sadists. Therefore, although we can say that the killer cut off the victim's reproductive organs to prevent semen from being left at the scene, I think that the most important reason why the killer did so is that he wanted to take the victim's reproductive organs home.
[1349]Tsubaki raised his eyebrows and asked, "So, you mean the killer wanted to eat them?"
[1350]The professor shook his head.
[1351] "How could that be? He stole the reproductive organs from the body! Of course, he did it for sex, didn't he? Of course, I mean the killer doing it with 'her' at home. Definitely that's what happened.
[1352] Yūn covered her mouth and suddenly jumped up, dropping her notebook on the table, and her automatic pencil rolled off the table and onto the floor with a click.
[1353] She wanted to run to the corridor but didn't have time. She knelt on the floor, facing away from Hikari and the professor, and began to vomit. The sound of her vomit hitting the linoleum floor mixed with the sound of her sobbing, both of which reached Hikari's ears.
[1354] Yūn continued to vomit and sob.
[1355] "It's too much…" Hikari didn't approach her but stood there, looking downcast.
[1356] "Yeah, it's too much," the professor nodded, "…Now, where did I put the mop?"
[1357] February 2nd, ripe
[1358] She lay in bed, slowly having her clothes removed by him. He turned and looked at the camera.
[1359] The breasts were the same as the ones he was touching, and he lay on top of her, his back and hips flashing on the screen.
[1360] The two on the screen continued to twist, making the whole camera seem to tremble. The spring bed made a violent symphony, and his hands felt the sensation of choking her neck again.
[1361] The protruding tendons, the rubber hose-like trachea.
[1362] In the moment of flying to heaven, she tightly wrapped her genitals around his penis.
[1363] It felt too good.
[1364] All of this was too incredible.
[1365] He crawled into the bed and lay down, watching the videotape while putting her vagina from top to bottom on his penis with his right hand, and then tightly gripping it. Instantly, he remembered everything that happened then. He turned off the sound of the video and put on headphones to get lost in the music. The cold vagina, under the warmth of his body and the friction, slowly regained its body temperature. He tightly gripped it again, feeling the suction sensation of being wrapped around.
[1366] He held it tightly around his penis, starting to slide up and down with his left hand, placing her breast on his mouth and kissing it tenderly.
[1367] The video camera's lens seemed to become a saliva-covered tongue, licking her dead body like a lustful beast.
[1368] Pusen Nen followed the movement of the video camera, rejoicing and trembling. It was a carnal pleasure that made him tearful.
[1369] If time could stop like a remote control on a video, if I could taste this sweet moment anytime I wanted...
[1370] His penis continued to thrust, causing her to tremble, and his hand could clearly feel the passion emanating from her body. He raised his waist, freeing himself from the orgasm.
[1371] However, Pusheonin was not able to enjoy this love for a long time. Less than a week after falling in love with it a few times, it became corrupted and unrecognizable. Unlike breasts, perhaps because the vagina had more blood vessels, it quickly rotted to a pitiful state, emitting an unbearable stench that forced Pusheonin to spray air fresheners throughout the room.
[1372] He had to bury her decaying genitalia, burying it next to the breast that he had buried before.
[1373] He had to accept the reality that only the breasts could be touched.
[1374] While watching the video, he continued to kiss it and indulge in self-stimulation.
[1375] Finally, her breasts also began to shrink like those of Tsubasa. Despite applying cream from his mother's vanity table over and over again, he could not reverse its aging. In the end, it turned completely black.
[1376] As a result, the only thing left by his side was a box of sad memories cut into cubic shapes. But with the departure of the memories, it was like an old photo album, making him nostalgic and unable to help himself.
[1377] The past love and joy were vivid, making Pao Shengnin heartbroken. The more he recalled the days they spent together, the more he wanted to turn around and stop flipping through this painful memory.
[1378] There were several nights when Pao Shengnin gazed blankly at the scenes on the video tape, and tears rolled down his cheeks without him realizing it.
[1379] Why should I bear such suffering alone? Why should those empty-headed people who don't know what true love is allowed to live happily? I experienced true love, but had to suffer in the hell of pain. It's too unfair. Do I have to repeat this life of finding love and losing it over and over again?
[1380] Pao Shengnin clenched his lips, recalling his childhood surrounded by maternal love. How happy he was then! His mother was so beautiful that his friends envied him. She was his pride. However...
[1381] His mother gave birth to him when she was still young. Therefore, at school events, she looked the youngest and most beautiful. Her skin was as white as jade, and even wearing simple kimono could not hide her seductive charm.
[1382] The inexperienced Pu Shenren had an infinite admiration for his mother's naked body even before his first ejaculation in puberty. Whenever he saw his mother's naked body, he felt a painful swelling in his lower abdomen. Although he didn't know what it meant, he vaguely felt that it was a very embarrassing thing and must not let his mother know.
[1383] He never had such feelings towards the mothers of his friends, nor did he have any interest in the girls in his class who were dressed like boys. He had once taken off the underwear of a girl in his class during a "doctor game," but he felt nothing.
[1384] He remembered being beaten by his father when he was around six or seven years old. The pain from his father's fists hitting his face and the image of his mother crying and trying to stop his father were still vivid in his mind.
[1385] He couldn't remember why he was beaten. He also couldn't remember why he was scolded by his father. From then on, he was forbidden to take a bath with his mother. He didn't like taking a bath with his father, so he cried and begged his father. However, his father only said, "If you don't want to bathe with me, then bathe alone!"
[1386] Of course, time passed, and the feelings of that time had faded away. However, there was no doubt that Momotaro hated his father at that time. He even said "Dad, die!" at one point.
[1387] But it was not his father who hit him this time, but his mother. He had always thought that his mother loved him more than his father and that she must have hated his father too. He even once believed that if his father died, his mother would be overjoyed.
[1388] However, things were not as he imagined. It was just his one-sided wish. It turned out that his mother didn't love him at all. What was even more incredible was that after that, he felt nothing when he saw his mother's naked body. Nothing at all.
[1389] Later that day, while watching a video tape at home, he suddenly heard his mother's voice outside the door.
[1390] "Momotaro, are you there?"
[1391] She should not be at home, right?
[1392] "Yes, I am!" He quickly pulled out the video cable connecting the camera and the TV and pressed the button to remove the tape, quickly putting it in his pants pocket.
[1393] At this point, he suddenly realized that his door was already locked, so there was no need to be so flustered. However, the lingering sense of shame still made him feel hot all over.
[1394] "What are you doing? Come downstairs and have some tea," she said, trying to open the door with a click.
[1395] She must have noticed that I locked the door, and she would wonder why I locked the door in the middle of the day. Did she find out what I was doing in my room? Did she find out that I was masturbating in my room?
[1396] "Ren?"
[1397] "I'll be right there!"
[1398] Ren stood motionless in front of the door, which made him feel almost terrifying. If he went to open the door and meet his mother now, his mother would probably guess from his expression what he had done just now, and she might even smell the sterile semen-like smell in the room.
[1399] He stood still, listening to the sounds outside. The sound of slippers going down the stairs came. It seems that everything is fine. She has gone downstairs.
[1400] It's okay, no one will notice.
[1401] He held the nozzle and sprayed it around for a long time. The room was filled with a pungent orange scent.
[1402] He pressed it again.
[1403]March Yazi
[1404] In a pile of magazines packed and ready to be exchanged for toilet paper, Yoko found the magazine that had the report on this case. She was afraid that her family might see her doing something suspicious and not understand her behavior, so she always took the magazine into her room when her family was not looking.
[1405] The killer first raped the victim, then strangled her, and perhaps that was not enough for him, as he also took away her breasts. These messages Yakko already knew, and she continued to read, subtly discovering that there was another, even more gruesome case - the killer had opened up the abdomen of the woman who the police had identified as the second victim.
[1406] In addition to this, the magazine reported several vague eyewitness accounts.
[1407] Near the hotel where the first incident occurred, someone saw a man of medium height and build, around 30 years old, and a girl enter the hotel together; at a taxi stand in Shinjuku, someone described seeing the third victim leave the line of people waiting for a taxi and get into a white car.
[1408] No way, my child may look older, but she's definitely not 30. While my car is white, it's not the kind they're describing.
[1409] Yoko remembered the case of the serial murders of young girls, and the vague descriptions of the vehicle used by the perpetrator immediately came to mind. In the end, it turned out that the description of the vehicle was completely different from the killer's actual car.
[1410] … Oh, did our car stay in the garage that night? Yoko couldn't remember. The car was supposed to be for her husband's use, but the children often took it out to play recently. Although Yoko sometimes asked her family to pick her up from the station when it rained unexpectedly, she didn't have a driver's license and wasn't interested in cars. (Wen Ren Shu Wu)
[1411] The magazine also published an anonymous report: "The killer focused his attacks on the breasts and lower abdomen of the victims, which suggests that he has a considerable amount of hatred towards women. The killer's motive for committing murder was driven by this hatred towards women. Although we don't know the origin of this hatred, it's not hard to imagine that it was probably produced by a deep-rooted inferiority complex in the killer's mind."
[1412] A senior detective at the search headquarters told this newspaper that he felt this case was very similar to one he had handled before. Coincidentally, the case of a prostitute being murdered that occurred in Shinjuku police district in Showa 43 (1968) also involved the killer bringing the victim to a hotel and killing her.
[1413] "The killer stabbed the victim K-san (then 34 years old) 97 times in her breasts and genital area. The killer cut off the victim's breasts and made a cross-shaped incision in her abdomen, almost exposing her internal organs. The senior detective told the reporter that even he, with years of experience, felt chills when he saw the crime scene. Therefore, the similarities between this case and the previous one are obvious to outsiders."
[1414] "Six months later, the police arrested a man named T (then 28 years old) who attacked women with a knife. According to his confession, he had killed a woman in Asakusa six months ago. What's even more surprising is that this man had strangled a seven-year-old girl to death with a thin rope when he was sixteen years old and was arrested. In addition, he confessed that T could not erect during sex and was scolded by the woman, which led him to kill two people and attempt to commit this murder. The woman's scolding made him furious, and he may have also sought excitement, which led him to decide to kill her. T was a sufferer of impotence."
[1415] Impotence...
[1416] Yaiko, of course, knew her son well and knew that he had successfully masturbated before, so there should be no inherent defects. However, how has he been recently? He doesn't seem to be in a relationship with a girlfriend, and there is no sign of masturbation lately. Is it possible that he took care of the used toilet paper himself after I sneaked into his room? Or does he have other ways to vent outside?
[1417] Yaiko shook her head vigorously. This is impossible.
[1418] There is no connection at all. The child has nothing to do with this case. I came to read the report about this terrible case out of curiosity. That's all, that's all.
[1419] "...When one is unable to satisfy normal sexual intercourse, this dissatisfaction can erupt into violent impulses, and this is very common. There is no need to refer to Freud's theory outside. From the obvious sexual intercourse metaphor in the use of knife-like weapons to kill the victim, the killer is clearly venting his uncontrollable sexual impulses."
[1420] My child is so gentle. He would never do such a thing. Perhaps he has some kind of inferiority complex in his heart, but he would never hurt anyone because of that.
[1421] Absolutely not.
[1422] "…Young people with high sex drive but no outlet for it. This is my criminal psychological profile of the killer, which should be a reasonable assumption. The killer is likely to be a single man between his teens and thirties, who probably does not have a girlfriend, not because he lacks charm, but because he does not want others to know about his impotence. He only has sex with women he meets by chance, but even then, he cannot get an erection. He wants to prove himself, but the more anxious he becomes, the more depressed he becomes. The cold gaze of women pierces him, and sometimes he even receives a barrage of curses.
[1423] "He may be a simple-minded person who is often treated as an idiot by those around him, and this alone would make him increasingly self-deprecating. Once he cannot withstand this pressure and becomes enraged, he will stab the victim madly, and only then will he feel satisfied."
[1424] "Ladies, when you find yourselves spending the night with a man you've just met, even if he fails to perform due to impotence, please consider the extent of the harm your words can cause before opening your mouth to scold him."
[1425] "Please think twice before you act, it may save your life."
[1426] "This is an unusual report. The first half seems to be a crime report, and the last part reads like the reporter's personal feelings.
[1427] "Yoko thought this was just a boring speculation report, but the words of the article strangely lingered in her mind.
[1428] "What if that child had impotence?
[1429] "What if that child hurt someone because of it?
[1430] "Yoko immediately came to a simple conclusion."
[1431] Just treat him and make him better.
[1432] Then, if he never hurt anyone again, the police investigation would continue to be lost in a maze, and my family would live a peaceful life as usual.
[1433] What am I thinking, Ya Zi thought. She shook her head.
[1434] These are meaningless assumptions. The child is not impotent, of course, and it is even less likely that he would hurt anyone. That child is a very gentle and good child.
[1435] He was too gentle, too gentle to be annoying.
[1436] He would never harm anyone, never.
[1437] Chapter 8
[1438] 1 March
[1439] "Death has an irresistible charm, doesn't it?" the professor said.
[1440] Tsubaki didn't answer. Yuzuki was washing the mop in the hallway sink, determined not to let Tsubaki help.
[1441]It did not matter that Higuchi did not answer, the professor continued to ask
[1442] "Have you heard of Thanatos?"
[1443]"Thanatos... Is that so? I haven't heard of it," said Higuchi, thinking it was a recent foreign word and shaking his head
[1444] "Originally a name of one of the gods in Greek mythology, responsible for death. Wihelm Stekel and Sigmund Freud, among others, interpreted the word as 'the wish to die' or 'the death instinct.' They believed that in human consciousness, there exists a death instinct that counteracts the survival instinct 'Eros.'"
[1445]The death install -- Thanatos? Higuchi could not understand Does he mean that human acts of killing are a declaration of install?
[1446] "Because all living beings eventually die and turn into dust or inorganic matter. Therefore, there is probably a tendency in the hearts of living beings to return to inorganic matter. Freud said that there are two mutually opposed instincts in human consciousness, one is the instinct to survive, and the other is the completely opposite death instinct. However, almost all scholars deny the existence of the death instinct. There are probably only a few scholars like Melanie Klein who still advocate the existence of the death instinct. Moreover, this theory is indeed too advanced and this statement is too difficult to accept."
[1447] "So, the concept of 'Thanatos' does not exist, right?" Hikita was disappointed and asked quickly.
[1448] "No one can assert that it definitely does not exist. However, so far, there has been no case that cannot be explained without the death instinct, so the death instinct is an unnecessary concept for clinical scholars. I haven't personally encountered such a situation, so the concept is irrelevant to me."
[1449] "So, why did you bring up this topic?" Hikita wanted to say this, but decided to stay silent and wait for the professor to finish speaking. He thought the professor would not bring up a meaningless topic.
[1450] "I just wanted to give it a completely different definition. I believe that 'Thanatos' does not mean 'the death instinct' but a desire to approach death. It is a 'Thanatos complex.' According to Freud's 'death instinct' theory, people automatically turn this impulse of attack towards the outside to avoid killing themselves due to the death instinct, so they will hurt others. Therefore, we can explain sadism, masochism, and repetitive compulsions that violate the principle of pleasure."
[1451] "I think the phenomenon called 'Thanatos complex' is something completely different from Freud's definition. Children who are interested in cemeteries, children who kill insects, children who talk about death with black jokes. Almost all children are deeply interested in death. We can also say that children are curious about death. Understanding what life is and understanding what death is are the same thing. Why do babies come into the world? How was I born? Where did my grandfather go? These are the questions that are often in the minds of most children."
[1452] "However, with the advancement of the core family structure in our modern society, cemeteries have disappeared from the streets and have been replaced by apartment buildings. Insects are gradually disappearing from cities, so children have no opportunity to collect insects. Many apartment buildings now do not allow pets, which also separates children from 'death.'"
[1453] "On the other hand, the media is filled with 'death' in the form of crime dramas, historical dramas, and news reports of murder cases and accidents. Like the idol on the other end of the screen that seems to be near but is actually far away, 'death' is also something that seems to be close but is actually far away for children. In a certain sense, 'death' may become an object of their admiration."
[1454] "When famous actors and artists commit suicide, it is not surprising that children follow their idols. Whether 'death' is a human instinct or not, we will not explore it, but the 'death instinct' - this human desire for death, undoubtedly exists."
[1455] Tachibana was very surprised at what he wanted to say, but still did not interrupt. Meanwhile, Fujiko had already washed the rag and was biting her lips, squatting on the ground and wiping the floor over and over again, which had already been wiped clean.
[1456] "I believe that necrophilia and sexual acts with corpses can be considered a form of the 'Thanatos' complex. These individuals - the necrophiles - long for 'death.' If they direct this impulse towards themselves, they may engage in self-harm or suicide. They would eagerly embrace a beautiful 'death' and find satisfaction in it."
[1457] "However, they redirect this impulse outward. The things they desire include touching corpses, spending a night with them, and having sex with them. Around thirty years ago, a serial killer in the Shinjuku district who murdered and dismembered a young boy was a textbook example of a necrophile. A twenty-six-year-old pedophile lured a twelve-year-old boy, dismembered him, and placed the body parts in glass containers filled with formalin to display as decorations. The killer was also said to be fond of cats, and it was reported that he killed and chopped up twelve of his beloved cats, throwing the pieces around the house or even eating them."
[1458] "You see, in this case, the killer was not belittled or felt inferior due to his own flaws, as he killed cats. However, he still couldn't resist his impulse to dismember and display the cat and the boy. He was a true necrophile. On the other hand, the man who claimed to have eaten human flesh in Paris had very little necrophilic tendencies. Although he seemed to have engaged in necrophilia, it was clear that his main desire was to eat human flesh, a fantasy of cannibalism."
[1459] "Eating human flesh in Paris - it must have been the case of the Japanese man who ate a Dutch student. Takagi clearly remembers the hysteria that ensued from this case."
[1460] "Furthermore, the serial killer in Gunma who murdered several young girls, according to the killer's confession, became enraged when someone pointed out his physical defects. He claimed to have eaten his grandfather's remains and the flesh of the girls he killed, but despite his tendencies, when compared to historical necrophiles and cannibals, he was not qualified and could only be considered a normal person. Of course, he committed several tragic acts, but I still believe his actions were simply an extension of sexual crimes and rape-murders."
[1461] The professor paused for a moment, and finally, after kneeling down and wiping the floor for a while, Yuzuki slowly raised her pale face. She stood up slowly, staring blankly at Takanashi. Takanashi gave her a look, urging her to sit down quickly. She slowly sat down next to Takanashi.
[1462] The professor didn't even look at her.
[1463] Takanashi said, "Do you think the killer in this case also has a 'Thanatos' complex?"
[1464] "Yes... I would say so. I feel that he is a genuine necrophile. Most necrophiles have a tendency towards sadism. Due to their high levels of violent tendencies, they often end up killing people. Then they torture and abuse the bodies, deriving pleasure from it. However, in this case, the killer did not take a part of the body to gain pleasure. The killer probably wanted to keep her close, even if it was only a part of her. He was a necrophile with a fetishistic tendency who could fall in love with inanimate flesh."
[1465] "Edward Theodore Gein, an American man, killed two women over the course of ten years, digging up nine female corpses from cemeteries and bringing them home for sexual satisfaction. He committed all of his crimes on nights of a full moon. He not only decapitated the bodies, roasted the hearts as bread, and peeled the skin to make a human skin lampshade and chair. He also made soup bowls out of skulls, necklaces out of lips, vests out of vaginas and breasts, belts out of nipples, and masks out of human skin."
[1466] "Furthermore, there is a man named Edmund Kemper in America. From 1972, he killed eight women and repeatedly raped their corpses. He, like the British Christy mentioned earlier, is probably unable to have sex with a living woman. It is said that he first cleansed the corpse with fresh blood and performed various sexual acts with the corpse. He was so immersed in it that he could even have sex with a headless corpse. If the murderer of this case cut off the victim's genitalia for sexual acts, then he is a necrophile far beyond Kemper."
[1467] The professor finally finished speaking and slowly shook her head.
[1468] "If he is really arrested, please let me examine him psychologically."
[1469] The mouth of the stream and Ms. Yuan bid farewell to the professor and left the university. They drank coffee for a while in a cafe, and Ms. Yuan's face was still not looking very good.
[1470] "Did you regret it?" The mouth of the stream asked.
[1471] Yuki shook her head as Taki expected.
[1472] "No, I'm just a little... a little scared. I'm fine now."
[1473] "The case may still develop in a worse direction. The third victim may have suffered even more brutal torture, and misfortune may befall you as well..."
[1474] Taki saw that Yuki was still determined, so he wanted to scare her a little.
[1475] Yuki just smiled faintly.
[1476] "It's okay… If the victim is someone I don't know, then no matter how much the killer does, I can bear it. If… if my sister is not the victim…"
[1477] She was right, Higuchi nodded. In fact, it was the same for him too. If the victim was a stranger, he wouldn't be so affected.
[1478] Moreover, both of them felt deep remorse for Minako…
[1479] If Minako had died in a more peaceful situation, their guilt would not have been so profound. When the professor firmly declared that the killer must have removed her reproductive organs for sexual purposes, Higuchi felt as if it was his own crime. He felt that there was a wild beast in his heart that was as cruel as the killer, and when he thought of this, he trembled.
[1480] "…What should we do next?" Yūn asked.
[1481] "I'll go to Roppongi and take a look around. I think the killer hasn't started looking for a target yet, but we can familiarize ourselves with your sister's route that night... However, let's not go today."
[1482] Yuzu looked surprised at Kikuko.
[1483] "Why not go today? I told you I'm fine, right? I want to go, even if I have to go alone."
[1484] Kikuko thought, her personality is nothing like her sister's. Minako is indecisive when she's not working, sometimes even appearing to have lost all self-will; while Yuzu, despite experiencing such a tragic event, still resolves to continue the investigation.
[1485] Of course, Kikuko never intended to stop her.
[1486] "I understand, so let's take a look around now."
[1487] As Yagisawa stepped out of the café, he felt someone's gaze piercing him. He turned around but didn't see a familiar face.
[1488] I must be tired. I'm really exhausted.
[1489] Yagisawa called Wilden to confirm the location where Mizuki got out of the taxi that night, learning that she got off at the train station. So they also took a taxi to the same location, with the sun setting and the night air growing cold. Yagisawa and Yuki put on the coats they were holding and looked around.
[1490] "It's still a distance from the hotel where your sister's body was found… Your sister often comes to this area, doesn't she?" Yagisawa asked, walking towards the direction of Mount Fuji.
[1491] "The police asked me the same thing, but I don't know. My sister isn't a heavy drinker, and she doesn't like going to noisy places like discotheques. I don't know why she came here that night..."
[1492] Taki knew why Miyuki came to such a place - to ease her loneliness. He couldn't tell whether she wanted to find a place where she could easily be approached by men or just a quiet place to drink alone. Probably the latter, given how much she drank that night. She was probably already drunk when she entered the hotel with the killer.
[1493] Taki hoped that Miyuki had only done it to forget him; he hoped that her misfortune was due to being too drunk to know what she was doing.
[1494] Miyuki would probably not have gone to a hotel with a stranger if she was sober, wouldn't she?
[1495] They aimlessly walked down the streets of Roppongi, with many shops still not open. It was possible that Miyuki had gone to a shop that only opened at night. It was still early, so they decided to find a place to pass the time.
[1496] "Okay…" Although Yuzuki looked unappetizing, she still nodded in agreement.
[1497] Higuchi saw a signboard written "Zanki Udon" and thought that Mizuki could eat some udon now, so he decided. It was a clean and bright noodle shop, and since it was not yet the peak hour of Shibuya, there were not many customers, only a few. They found a table that could accommodate four people.
[1498] Just as they finished ordering, a tall middle-aged man suddenly sat down on the seat next to Higuchi. Higuchi was startled and looked up, thinking he had seen this person before but couldn't remember his name.
[1499] "What a forgetful person you are," the man said with a smile, taking out two business cards and placing them in front of Higuchi and Yuzuki. The cards read "OFFICE EYES" and had an eye symbol. Underneath the symbol, it said "24 hours of service for you." Higuchi was a little puzzled, wondering what this was all about.
[1500] The front of the card read "Quintin Shinshin," and Higuchi remembered that he was a tabloid reporter. He was the first person to call after learning about the special relationship between Higuchi and Mizuki. He looked much thinner now, almost skeletal, and Higuchi remembered that he used to be a bit chubby.
[1501] The front of the card read "Akitaka Saito," and Yuki remembered that he was a tabloid reporter. He was the one who called first after learning about Yuki and Yuzu's special relationship. He looked quite thin now, almost skeletal, and Yuki remembered that he used to be a bit chubby.
[1502] How could I possibly run into this guy here! Yuki couldn't help but curse the god of misfortune in her mind. She silently prayed to heaven that the man in front of her at least didn't recognize Yuzu, but it was clearly not what she wished for. There was no way he wouldn't recognize the victim's family members.
[1503] "Oh, I guess this must be Yuzu-san, right? Your appearance is quite different from before, and I almost mistook you for your sister. I only knew that Mr. Kuroda and Ms. Yoshida were close, but I never thought that Mr. Kuroda would be so close to his sister too. It's really surprising."
[1504] If this had been said by another man, Yuki would have been furious and ready to punch him, but the man's cheerful expression made it easy for Yuki to suppress her anger.
[1505] "…I'm sorry, as you can see, we are about to have our meal. Can you please not disturb us?"
[1506]Hakuta was startled by Fuyu's gasp. He suddenly realized that it was then---when they left the university, the gaze that followed them... It was this guy who had been following them. Hakuta should have been more alert to such issues when he was in the police force. However, now he felt that he was being monitored, but he ignored this feeling.
[1507]Why? Why don't I trust my instincts?
[1508]"What would you like to order?" A middle-aged female server asked Mr. Shima.
[1509]"Tempura Udon... it's 1,500 yen? I'll skip that... I'll have a bowl of tofu udon instead, yes, that's what I'll have."
[1510]"Alright, one bowl of tofu udon!"
[1511] After the waitress left, Kita smiled at Tada again.
[1512] "I've been having my old habit again—missing money.
[1513] "Are you trying to extort me?"
[1514] Kita laughed loudly.
[1515] "Extortion? What's there for me to extort? I just happened to see the two of you and came over to say hello. If you meet someone you know outside, wouldn't you ask them what they're up to? Like, are you going shopping? Or going on a trip? Where are you going?"
[1516] "You've been tailing me all the way here just to ask these questions? As a reporter, you're really laid back."
[1517] "I may be a reporter, but I'm also a freelance journalist not bound by any organization. I can go after what I like, and I think I have some freedom in that regard."
[1518] "Is that so? Is invading someone's privacy also your freedom?" Taki felt his anger rising, but he knew he couldn't lay a hand on him. If he beat him up here today, there would be no turning back.
[1519] "Oh, you're being so harsh. I'm not your enemy. I just want to catch the killer of Iwata-san and the others as soon as possible. If the investigation doesn't progress, we reporters won't have anything to write about. However, Professor Suzukawa is known for being a big talker, and you probably think you'll get some information out of him. I was actually planning to go talk to him today, but I just happened to see you two. You two make an interesting pair. I met Iwata-san's parents, and they seemed reluctant to talk about Taki-san. And you didn't attend Iwata-san's farewell ceremony, did you? I never would have thought that the two of you knew each other already."
[1520] Taki and Fujiko's wild vegetable udon was served, and Shibazaki stopped talking. Taki ignored him and picked up his chopsticks to start eating the noodles. The noodles tasted like nothing as he ate, as if Taki's sense of taste had disappeared.
[1521] "Oh, please eat quickly. Don't let the noodles get cold. Yuzu-san, please eat too. Professor Takatani must have told your former detective a lot of information that he wouldn't tell a third-rate tabloid journalist like me."
[1522] "Cut it out!" Tachikawa couldn't help but scold Quivet loudly. The waiter and other guests turned their heads to look at their table. Tachikawa glared back at them, and the curious looks quickly disappeared.
[1523] Tachikawa lowered his voice and said, "What do you want? Just say it!"
[1524] Quivet's big eyes narrowed into a slit, and the smile on his face disappeared. He said emotionlessly, "Then I'll say it straight. You two seem to be investigating something, right? You first visited a forensic psychiatrist and then ran to Roppongi - the police believe that Ms. Shimamura met the killer here. Do you want to catch the killer yourself…"
[1525] "Yes, we want to catch the killer ourselves." Tachikawa interrupted him. "
[1526] Ito's eyes went from a narrow slit to a round shape.
[1527] "What?"
[1528] "I said, we want to catch the killer ourselves, and if possible, we want to pursue it to the end," Takanashi challenged him in a threatening tone.
[1529] Ito didn't get angry, but nodded repeatedly like a chicken eating rice, saying, "I see. That makes it easier... That's what I want from you. Investigations need manpower, and more is better."
[1530] February-March 2023 - Miki
[1531] Ren Beizhen began to feel that his mother's appearance was a little strange. She had been staring at him strangely lately. When he felt her gaze turn back, she quickly turned her face away. It was almost like... like she had done something guilty.
[1532] Could it be... that kind of thing is unlikely. Absolutely impossible. Mom... absolutely impossible to find out what I did.
[1533] She shouldn't have discovered it. I always did it when no one was at home... no, I loved them. Those videotapes were always in my backpack. Did I think too much?
[1534] It must be that my attitude is a little abnormal, so Mom has been observing me to see if I'm abnormal. I have to act like nothing happened, make everyone think I'm the same as usual, no change.
[1535] As soon as February ended, Ren Beizhen began to go out on the street to find targets as if it were a matter of course. He yearned for love, and without it, he would wither and become a wrinkled old man. Like hers... no, like theirs.
[1536] So, it seems I must have gotten the nutrients of love from them to become a more perfect human.
[1537] Remembering the old self before falling in love with Yoshiko. How boring he was. Although he fell into a slump after that, it was just a stepping stone to the next stage. I tasted the beauty of love and then went on to explore the roots of love, and in the last one, I touched the roots of life.
[1538] The pursuit of love has no end, and there are still many things unknown to me waiting to be explored. That's why I need the nourishment of love.
[1539] Poleen usually goes to school or out on the street by taking the electric train, but now that the university is on break, he decides to try his luck driving. Driving would not only eliminate the concern of the last train, but also expand the range of action and confuse the police investigation. If I don't want to, I can take the method of the notorious serial killer Daijujiro Kato (1935-1976), who would pick up women in his car and have sex with them. If they resisted, he would kill them cruelly and then bury them in the mountains.
[1540] No, I can't do that. Poleen changed his mind.
[1541] I don't want to be seen as a man who only kills for sex. I'm not a pervert; I've just awakened to reality. I'm completely different from those low-level people.
[1542] As soon as night falls, Botan tells his family, "I'm going out for a drive." He drives slowly around New Host, turning onto Outer Ditch Avenue from Imperial Way, heading towards Ginza, and then heading towards Mabashi and Roppongi. This way, he drives around the Imperial Palace. Whenever he drives to a place, he sits down in a family-run restaurant and spends time there while looking at the women around him.
[1543] Of course, he knows that there won't be any good women in such a place, and it's impossible to invite the women who came by car to his car.
[1544] Tokyo is a city that never sleeps, and in comparison, Tokyo's subway seems to be poorly served, as it shuts down at the end of the day. Only after the last subway stops running will Botan's anticipated drama unfold.
[1545] Whether it's Ginza, Roppongi, or New Host, Botan can tell at a glance which women really want to take a taxi. They usually stare blankly at the traffic, occasionally raising their hands to hail a cab, and will be disappointed when they see the "welcome" (indicating that the taxi is on its way to pick up a passenger) sign. Although it's rare to see a woman waiting for a taxi alone at this time, it's not completely impossible. Whenever Botan sees a woman waiting for a taxi, he drives his car to the sidewalk and peeps at them through the window. Of course, there are still some women among them that stir his interest.
[1546] However, on this day, Boshu Ninnai did not approach any woman. If he accidentally lets a boring woman into his car and leaves a bad memory, it would be terrible. If he tarnishes his memories of the women he deeply loved in the past, it would be unfair to them.
[1547] Now, I just want to find a woman to love, but this woman must not only be inferior to them, but also superior to them. She should be the perfect virgin.
[1548] The next day, Boshu Ninnai saw a girl in Ginza and decided to talk to her. He lowered the window of the passenger seat, slowly approached the sidewalk, and called out to her, "I'll give you a ride." The girl seemed to look down on him, only glancing at his car contemptuously and ignoring him.
[1549] Due to the dim lighting inside the car, his signature smile didn't seem to have much effect. That kind of woman would only judge a man based on the quality of his car, and since I was driving an ordinary domestic car, she naturally wouldn't get into my car.
[1550] Of course, even if such a woman comes to me, I won't take her. Let's look for another place.
[1551] It's already March, Baisu Shen sat in front of the TV with his family watching TV programs. He knew he couldn't go out every night, which would arouse his family's suspicion, so he had to pretend to be happy. But the superficially harmonious family life only lasted one night, and he was bored.
[1552] The mother happily placed the dolls in the shrine, and her affection for her child was evident.
[1553] But they are already university students, aren't they? How boring! It's really boring.
[1554] Baisu Shen started driving around at night again.
[1555] At midnight on March 3rd, she stood there. He saw her from a distance. She was the kind of woman he should cherish.
[1556] A long line of people waiting for taxis forms, and the end of the line is the taxi stand on Shinjuku National Street. She stands alone at the back of the line, and she is not with the few office workers in front of her, indicating that she is alone.
[1557] There's a car parked next to the line, and it seems to be another man like Hou Shengnin who intends to approach the waiting women. It's a red Nissan Coupe, and there are two men inside. They try to talk to two girls who are with them, but they are ignored. They seem a little angry and speed off in their car.
[1558] Hou Shengnin drives past her and sees a cigarette vending machine a little further away. Suddenly, he has a good idea.
[1559] Hou Shengnin stops the car, walks to the cigarette vending machine, and takes out his wallet from his back pocket. He pretends to be surprised and then decides to walk towards her.
[1560] "Excuse me, can you help me break a 10,000 yen bill?"
[1561] She turned around with a start, waving a small hand dismissively. She seemed quite afraid of talking to others.
[1562] Pueh Sheng Ren looked up and down the woman, and once again confirmed that he had chosen the right person. From her neckline, he could see the inviting valley between her breasts, which exuded a much more attractive aura than other women.
[1563] She looked to be around twenty-four or twenty-five years old, slightly drunk, with red eyes.
[1564] Pueh Sheng Ren shifted his gaze away from her valley and flashed her his signature smile. "Did you forget your wallet? It doesn't matter if you don't have enough for ten thousand. A thousand yen bill would do."
[1565] She glanced nervously at the office workers in front of her, who pretended not to notice and continued chatting.
[1566] She looked at the money in her wallet and said, "I do have a thousand yuan note…"
[1567] "A thousand yuan, huh? How about this? Can I exchange it with you? I'll give you this in exchange."
[1568] He took out a ten-thousand yuan note from his wallet and handed it to her.
[1569] "Oh? But…"
[1570] "Oh, do you think this might be a fake? Don't worry, look at the watermark on it. It's very clear, isn't it?" Púshēngrěn placed the note in front of her and showed her the watermark under the light.
[1571] She burst out laughing, which showed that she had already felt that Pusenren was a trustworthy man.
[1572] "No, no, I didn't mean that. I just thought that…"
[1573] "Well, don't worry about it. I just want to buy a pack of cigarettes."
[1574] "…Then, I'll treat you. Here you go."
[1575] "How can I let you treat me? This is too… Ah?" Pusenren's tone suddenly rose sharply.
[1576] She looked up at him in surprise.
[1577] "…Are you going to take a taxi?"
[1578] "Well… I guess so." She glanced back at the long queue.
[1579] "Where are you going?"
[1580] "…I'm just going back to San'iao."
[1581] "Oh, Sanjo? Well, in that case, let's do this. I'm heading back that way too, so I'll give you a ride. As a favor, you can buy me a pack of cigarettes… Wait, that's not illegal, right?"
[1582] She bit her lip, deep in thought. She was considering the proposal that Baisen had made.
[1583] It seemed like she was already 90% convinced. All I had to do was say a few more words and she would definitely get in my car.
[1584] "Come on, it's only a pack of cigarettes. You wouldn't be able to afford to take a taxi from here to Sanjo for less than 3,000 yen…"
[1585] She glanced back at the people waiting in line in front of her. When she turned back around, it was clear that she had made up her mind.
[1586] "Where's your car?"
[1587] "It's right there."
[1588] Pusaka leads the way to the car, while she follows him with a very strange gait.
[1589] Seeing that his car is a Corolla, she looks more at ease. She probably thinks that no man would try to pick her up in a car like that.
[1590] "What brand do you want?" she suddenly asks.
[1591] "What?"
[1592] "Which brand of cigarettes do you want? I'll go buy them for you."
[1593] Pu Shenren was a little flustered by the question, and he had completely forgotten about the brand of cigarettes.
[1594] "I want seven... a pack of Seven Stars."
[1595] She looked at him for a moment, showing a strange expression, but she still jumped over to the cigarette vending machine, inserted a thousand-yen bill, bought the cigarettes, and jumped back. Pu Shenren took the cigarettes, respectfully opened the passenger door of the car, and invited her to get in.
[1596] Pú Shēngnìn took the cigarettes and, with utmost respect, opened the passenger-side car door and invited her to get in.
[1597] "Oh, you scared me."
[1598] "What scared you?"
[1599] "Ah, nothing…"
[1600] Pú Shēngnìn closed the car door and, with a handbrake release, slowly pressed the accelerator.
[1601] Burden deliberately paused, feigning embarrassment, and said, "I just didn't realize you were so beautiful…"
[1602] "……You're so naughty."
[1603] She lowered her head slightly, feeling a bit embarrassed. Burden was delighted to bask in the silence for a moment.
[1604] "Let's listen to some music. What do you like to listen to?" He didn't wait for her response and inserted the cassette into the car's audio system, and the song by Kamura Takako filled the narrow space with its transparent vocals.
[1605] "I can listen to anything. Like Sagawa Natsumi or Miyuki Konno… This is Kamura Takako's song, right? I also like this style of music."
[1606] She leaned back comfortably in her seat, gazing out the window at the night sky and gently shaking her lips in time with the music.
[1607] It seems she has heard this song before. It's too good. Maybe she's the perfect woman I've been looking for all along.
[1608] "…My surname is Pao Shengren, and my name is Pao Shengren. What's yours?"
[1609] "True…"
[1610] She didn't tell him her surname but directly told him her name, which made Pao Shengren feel even more intimate. It sounded like she was telling him, "I can only love you for one night."
[1611] Of course, I was thinking the same thing. We can be together for one night tonight.
[1612] "…By the way, why haven't you gone home yet?"
[1613] Mamegawa fell silent for a moment.
[1614] "Oh, I wasn't trying to pry…"
[1615] Púshēng Rěn seemed to suggest that she didn't have to continue, but she went on: "I was at a farewell party for a female friend who quit her job and is getting married. We went to three places. I was planning to catch the last train home, but the heel of my shoe broke on the stairs." She pulled out a shoe heel wrapped in a napkin for Púshēng Rěn to see.
[1616] So that's why her walking posture was so strange.
[1617] "Oh, what a misfortune…"
[1618] "Yeah, that's too bad. But for me, it's a lucky thing. I mean, it's short, but I can still enjoy a ride with a beautiful woman."
[1619] Kusaka Ren said it sincerely, but she didn't seem to believe it.
[1620] "You're quite a smooth talker, aren't you?"
[1621] "Flattery? I don't flatter people. If I could, I would really like to take a ride with you, even for a little while. But if we stay out too late, your parents will be worried, won't they?"
[1622] "No, I live alone…"
[1623] The car accidentally passed by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, which symbolizes Tokyo.
[1624] "So, you're okay with it? You're willing to go for a ride with me?"
[1625] She still looked out the window, saying nothing. Had she noticed my intentions? Had she realized my initial purpose for approaching her?
[1626] "Are you leaving early for work tomorrow?"
[1627] She remained captivated by the scenery outside, not turning around, and murmured, "I don't want to go to work..."
[1628] Tsubaki's heart swelled with joy, and he turned the steering wheel towards the direction of the capital expressway. She seemed to notice that the car had changed direction, but didn't protest.
[1629] "So, where are we going?"
[1630] She still didn't respond.
[1631] After taking the toll card at the toll booth, Beisen Ren had not driven far when she whispered to him, "To Yokohama."
[1632] Beisen Ren nodded excitedly, turning up the volume of the car's audio system, immersed in the beautiful singing and the anticipation of joy.
[1633] Just looking at him made my heart swell with warmth.
[1634] Even he noticed the hidden affection in my heart.
[1635] "Secretly hiding one's feelings, unconsciously expressing them through words and expressions." (Note: A poem from the collection "Shōka Hyakunin Isshu" by Fukamachi Bunshō. The full text is "Secretly hiding one's feelings, unconsciously expressing them through words and expressions. My love for the body, how can everyone probe, for whom one is lost in thought.")
[1636] Pojie Ren suddenly thought of this poem and chuckled. I wonder if she noticed my feelings at that moment.
[1637] That night, he and she loved each other until dawn and took a part of her back with him.
[1638] That night was the longest and most fulfilling night he had ever experienced.
[1639] March 3, Yakubo
[1640] On March 10th, it was still bitterly cold yesterday, but today it was warm and sunny, as if yesterday's cold feeling was like a dream. Yakubo was still wearing a sweater, even though he was sweating from the heat, he didn't take it off.
[1641]The fragrance of the plum blossoms in the yard drifted into the entrance. Usually at this time, this fragrance would make Yaizi feel refreshed, but today she didn't feel any excitement at all.
[1642]Just as noon approached, a policeman came to visit. Although the visitor was not a detective, just a police officer from a police station, she immediately realized that this was not a simple routine inspection.
[1643]"Madam, please cooperate with us and help with a simple investigation. Do you have a white Corolla car at home?" The police officer stood at the entrance and spoke straight to the point.
[1644]Yaizi felt dizzy and had to hold onto the wall.
[1645]Sure enough, the police came to investigate the case. It seems that the car the killer used was indeed the same as my family's car, a Corolla.
[1646] What should I do? What should I do?
[1647] "Is this the residence of Mr. Fujiwara? The car in the garage isn't yours, is it?" Yasuko felt the officer's voice was coming from a distant place.
[1648] "…No, no. You're right, that's our car." Yasuko noticed her voice had become sharp due to psychological tension, which only made her more anxious.
[1649] This won't do. I need to stay calm. The police only sent one person, which means they don't have any leads yet. They're just asking all the residents with white sedans.
[1650] "Ah, I see. Who is using the car?" The officer held a "circulation sheet"-like notebook in his left hand, making notes with a pencil attached to the notebook while continuing to ask questions.
[1651] "…Usually it's my husband and the kids, but…" Yoko suddenly raised her voice.
[1652] "But what?" The police officer raised one eyebrow and looked at her.
[1653] "…But, recently, our car's been having some issues."
[1654] "Oh? What kind of issues?"
[1655] "…I'm not entirely sure, but I heard it's something with the brakes. It seems to be having problems with them not working properly from time to time." Yoko pondered in her mind, thinking that there should be such a vehicle issue.
[1656] "That's too dangerous! You have to get it fixed immediately. Why didn't you take it to get repaired?"
[1657] Why? Why not? For what reason didn't you take it to get repaired? Because you couldn't afford the repair costs? Or because we don't use the car much anyway?
[1658] "We did take it to get repaired, but it still didn't work. They even told us that the car is almost worn out and it's best to buy a new one."
[1659] "Worn out?" The officer glanced at the "circulated document" in his hand.
[1660] "You said your car is almost worn out, but it's only been driven for less than four years. I think you should complain to the manufacturer and get it fixed. It's better to do it before an accident happens."
[1661] Yoko tried hard to suppress her inner fear: It seems that the police have already investigated when we bought the car and then came to investigate us.
[1662] "Is there anyone in your family who drives?"
[1663] "No, none of them are here."
[1664] "Okay, then please fill in their contact information or school names here."
[1665] He handed the "circulation document" to Yoko, who noticed that her husband's name, license plate number, and car model were already written on it, along with their home address. Yoko filled in her husband's workplace and her children's school names in the remaining blank spaces. She initially considered writing down fake information, but then realized that doing so would immediately be exposed and could cause more trouble, so she decided against it.
[1666] "Is this alright?"
[1667] The police officer took back the "circular" and looked at it, frowning and muttering, "East Asian Culture University?"
[1668] His tone was like a sharp blade, constantly pricking Yaiko's wounded memories. She couldn't make out what it was, the thing that she couldn't see its true face.
[1669] What was even more puzzling was that the police officer in front of her seemed to share her feelings. He saluted Yaiko as he left, saying, "Thank you for your cooperation." He left with the same posture, thinking about something.
[1670] What was that feeling? What was the police officer thinking when he saw the name of the university where Ren was studying? Would he think the same as me? If so, what connection does this have with the case? Will the police suspect him?...I don't understand.
[1671] It felt like there was something extremely important that I had forgotten.
[1672] However, Yoko felt that if she remembered that thing, it would lead her and her family down a path from which there would be no return. She felt that it would be better not to remember.
[1673] It was a terrifying sense of disillusionment.
[1674] Yoko firmly believed that no misfortune would befall this harmonious and happy family, but she couldn't shake off the ominous feeling.
[1675] Yoko felt that constantly worrying about it in her mind was not a solution.
[1676]I must confirm it myself. I must go and confirm it with the child directly. If the child is really... if the child is really sick... Yoko glances back at her son's room and clenches her lips.
[1677]No, I know it's all just my own delusions. The strange behavior of my son, the bloody plastic bag...none of these things can prove anything.
[1678]Yoko stands in front of her son's closed door, hesitating for a moment, and finally decides to knock.
[1679]Usually, her son would answer immediately, but today she hears a flurry of activity inside.
[1680]“Are you in there?”
[1681] Yajie thought the door was locked. She grasped the door handle and tried to open it, only to find that her son had surprisingly not locked it this time, and the door opened smoothly inward.
[1682] "Don't come in!" her son's voice filled with fear and anger came to Yajie, who was about to step inside.
[1683] That's not right, the child shouldn't behave like this. My gentle son has never yelled at me like this...
[1684] The son sat on the edge of the bed, covering the camera in his hands, as if trying to hide it from her sight. A video cable extended from the camera and was plugged into the front panel of the large-screen TV, with "External 2" written on the corner of the TV screen. Although Yajie was not very familiar with electronics, she still understood the situation. Her son was clearly watching an 8mm videotape and had just hurriedly turned off the switch.
[1685] 8mm videotape.
[1686] A memory flashed in Yoko's mind - the packaging paper left at the crime scene.
[1687] It doesn't matter, it has nothing to do with my son.
[1688] "Were you watching a videotape just now? I mean..."
[1689] Her son's lips were pale and devoid of blood. The words that came out of his trembling mouth made Yoko feel as if all the blood had been drained from her head. She opened and closed her mouth, not knowing what to say.
[1690] "I told you to leave!"
[1691]The son suddenly stood up and pushed Yoko down on the floor with a thud. Yoko sat heavily on the corridor, her head hitting the wall with a bang.
[1692]Being treated in such a rough way by her son shocked Yoko more than the physical pain. The child had never had a fight with his parents before, and the teachers at school praised him as a gentle and honest child. How could he be like this today…
[1693]Yoko, with a sore head, struggled to get up, but the door in front of her slammed shut.
[1694]This sound was like a death knell for the emotional bond between mother and son in Yoko's eyes.
[1695]Chapter 9
[1696] 1 March Tachikawa
[1697] Mr. Yamauchi was blowing on the soybean skin udon noodles served by the waiter and slurping the noodles, still talking non-stop: "The method I mentioned just now is not bad, right? You guys don't say OK, I won't write these things into the report. But of course, you can't leak any information to other reporters either. How about it? If you agree, I'll be an extra hand right away. I don't know what you guys are planning to investigate, but you two are definitely short-handed, right?"
[1698] Tachikawa looked at the man who was eating noodles and talking non-stop, calculating in his mind.
[1699] Indeed, his proposal was not bad for us either, but no one can guarantee that this guy won't change his mind. He said he won't publish these things in the newspaper unless you say OK, but I don't think he will keep his promise. But if I refuse his proposal here, what will happen?
[1700] "You do have a point, actually we...
[1701]"Kikuta-san," Aoyama, who has been staring at them from the beginning, speaks up, with her noodles untouched.
[1702]"What's wrong?"
[1703]"Please don't worry about me. Don't mind me."
[1704]"Ah? What?"
[1705]"…I think you might be worried that if you cooperate with this guy, he will write something about me in the newspaper and I will be hurt because of that."
[1706] Mr. Saito was furious with himself for not even considering how Ms. Fujisaki might feel.
[1707] It seems that Mr. Saito Watanabe really isn't someone who thinks about others, as he didn't even consider how Ms. Fujisaki might feel. You always do this, every time, only thinking about your own interests.
[1708] Mr. Saito Watanabe, you old geezer.
[1709] "I won't let him write anything about us, so don't worry. This proposal is still beneficial for us, I'm just thinking about how much we should cooperate with him. So, Mr. Saito."
[1710] "Yes!" Mr. Saito immediately sat up straight, perhaps due to the sudden use of the honorific "-sama" in Mr. Saito's address.
[1711] "Do you think we have an advantage over the police in catching the killer?"
[1712] "Honestly, I don't think so. I don't think you two will be able to catch the killer in the end. However, only I know that you two are investigating this. I think it's better to take a different approach and find first-hand information from other angles, even if it doesn't work out in the end.
[1713] "In addition, even if I took a photo of you two now and published it with the title 'Retired Detective and Victim's Sister Meet in Crime Scene', it would only be a temporary solution. I'm tired of these small tricks. If there's a sequel to this incident, I'd like to pursue it. It's such a good topic that it would be a waste to write it once and be done with it. That's what I think."
[1714] Saito, a reporter of this age and experience, probably has such thoughts. Taki believes that what he said is his true opinion.
[1715] "I understand your point. So, let me tell you our conditions first. First, under no circumstances should my name be mentioned in the report. You can write that it was you and Miss Fumiko who conducted the investigation, and I think that's fine."
[1716] "If you can find a topic with more news value than the two of you meeting here, I'll be satisfied... Okay, I understand. I got it. You can write that you and Miss Fujiwara are investigating together, and I think that's fine."
[1717] "Second, you must provide us with all the information you obtain."
[1718] "I would be delighted if you could do the same and share everything you know."
[1719] "…Third, we don't have to provide you with all the information."
[1720] Kita's face immediately showed a stunned expression, just as Tachibana had predicted.
[1721] "Is that the deal? I said I won't write a report if you don't say OK, so what's the problem? It's alright, isn't it?"
[1722] "Since you said you won't write a report, what's the point of knowing all this? We'll tell you if it's okay to tell you."
[1723] Shibata felt a bit dissatisfied, but he also knew that arguing further would be pointless.
[1724] However, it's fair to say that whether or not to provide Shibata with information depends on Higuchi. Because if Higuchi pretends to tell Shibata "I've told you everything," Shibata won't know. Therefore, Higuchi only tells Shibata some things that we might withhold from him.
[1725] "I understand. Let's exchange information first, how about that? You probably got some information from Professor Takeuchi that I don't know about. I got some new information from the police, though. Did you already get this information from your police academy friends who work at the Metropolitan Police Department?"
[1726] He spoke in a tone that seemed to suggest he already knew that Tsubouchi hadn't received the information yet.
[1727] Tsubouchi began to doubt if this guy had been monitoring him all along.
[1728] "I'm sorry, Professor Fukuda told me those things because he trusted me, but I don't think it's appropriate to tell the general public."
[1729] "So you're suddenly exercising your right to silence! I guess he just brought up some past criminal cases and talked in a confusing manner. You don't have to put on airs with me, I'm not planning to write this down and publish it right away. Right, I actually want to write a book about it, even if we don't catch the killer in the end. If you or Professor Fukuda have any complaints or want me to modify some chapters, I'll do it anytime."
[1730] Again, writing a book - this is exactly the same excuse Tsubouchi used with Professor Fukuda. Tsubouchi said it offhandedly, but is this reporter also making things up? Can he be trusted?
[1731] "Just trust me. I've always kept my word on the things you asked me not to write about."
[1732] Is it like he said? I've dealt with reporters quite often, but I can't remember what I said or agreed to with those I didn't have a close relationship with.
[1733] "By the way, do you know how we plan to investigate?"
[1734] "What kind of investigation? We're currently trying to find out where Miss Mizuki was that night, right?"
[1735] "Yes, of course we'll investigate. However, the police have likely already conducted a more organized and thorough investigation. We won't be able to do that kind of investigation. By the way, do you know what a bird trap is? It's a trap where you spread bait on the ground, prop up a sieve with a line-attached stick, and lure birds to fall into the trap."
[1736] "…A ridiculous fool in a comedy?"
[1737] Tsubaki was surprised that his answer hit the nail right on the head.
[1738] "Yes, that ridiculous fool. What we want to do is set a trap for that fool. When you saw Yūki just now, you mistook her for Miss Mizuki in an instant, didn't you? That's because she deliberately cut her hair short like her sister and wore her sister's clothes."
[1739] The reporter couldn't help but stare intently at Yūki.
[1740] "You mean, she's a bait…?"
[1741] "That's right. In the end, we're just like children holding the other end of a rope tied to a stick, waiting for the bird to bite. This idea was proposed by Miss Yū. Of course, we both understand that the likelihood of success with this method is almost zero. But we had to try. Perhaps it's the same for you, knowing that something is impossible yet doing it anyway."
[1742] Shibukawa looked at Yū, and Shibukawa thought he saw a hint of sympathy in his eyes. Had he seen through Yū's hidden motives in her heart? I don't think he's that perceptive a man.
[1743] "So, what do you think? Stupid, isn't it? Want to cancel this deal?"
[1744] Shibukawa didn't answer. He kept staring at Yū, as if thinking about something. Maybe he was trying to see how much Yū and Minako look alike.
[1745] "Well, it's not a bad idea. No, it's a good idea. She... Ah, Yū-san does look a lot like her sister. But if you look closely, you can tell they're not the same person. But I think that's better, don't you? Because if the killer sees her, they'll be startled at first. Then the killer will approach her to get a closer look, and when they get close enough, they'll realize it's someone else. But if I were the killer, I'd be incredibly curious about her. Besides, this kind of attire is probably the type the killer likes. I think the killer would definitely approach her and talk to her. Just give her a chance to be seen by the killer."
[1746] Indeed, giving her a chance to be seen by the killer is a must, and it's a condition that's hard to meet in this vast Tokyo.
[1747] The reporter turned to Mr. Takiguchi.
[1748] "But I can imagine that many men will come up to talk to Fu. How will you tell who the real killer is? Will you follow them to the hotel and rush in just before the killer strikes?"
[1749] "No, I won't let Fu do that. Fu just needs to get the addresses and names of the people who come to talk to her, and I'll investigate later. Besides, the killer will definitely show an unusual level of obsession with her, and we think that will be different from the usual behavior of a person trying to chat her up."
[1750] "I see. Then the only remaining question is where the victims met the killer. What do you think, Mr. Takiguchi?"
[1751] Taki briefly summarized the conclusions he and Quito had reached for Kitano. He didn't speak, but kept nodding as he listened.
[1752] "So that's it. It's no wonder you're a former police chief. The third victim, Fujiko, was indeed taken by the killer's car in Shinjuku. The other day, she went to a farewell party for a friend and stayed in Shinjuku until late. The search headquarters is now looking for witnesses who saw her that night. However, if she was picked up by the killer while walking alone on the street, it would be difficult to find witnesses. If her pickup location was at a taxi stand, the police might be able to find witnesses.
[1753] "… Has the police confirmed that this case is the work of the same killer?"
[1754] "The modus operandi is identical: the chest is cut off, the lower abdomen is cut open, and a video tape plastic packaging is left at the scene. The police apparently obtained a clear fingerprint from the plastic packaging paper in the previous crime. I think the search headquarters is now following up on the fingerprint leads.
[1755] "How was the victim's lower abdomen cut open?"
[1756] "I'm not sure how it was cut open...I only heard it was cut open like slicing a fish belly..."
[1757] It seems the media is not aware that the killer cut off and took the victim's reproductive organs.
[1758] When a suspect confesses, if he knows information that the police intentionally withhold, he is likely to be the true culprit. This is a common tactic used by the police, who often withhold certain facts.
[1759] However, is this case so shocking that the police are suppressing the news? Mr. Saito is unsure whether to tell the reporter these things.
[1760] After much thought, he decides that it is fine to mention these matters.
[1761] "…This is probably the police's media suppression strategy. I think they deliberately don't reveal the news. So if you write a report, the police will probably be very troubled. Miss Yuki was not just cut open in the abdomen when she died…"
[1762] "What did you say?"
[1763] "…Her genitalia and uterus were cut off and taken away by the perpetrator."
[1764] "Taken away? What do you mean by taken away?… How did they take it away?" Shito reacted as Taki expected.
[1765] "We just found out about this. The perpetrator apparently cut open her abdomen and then removed her genitalia and uterus. We were shocked when we heard it."
[1766] "Is that so?! What kind of mentality does this killer have?"
[1767] "According to Professor Takida's speculation ... the killer did this to ... for sex."
[1768] Quito's expression was more of surprise than shock. He whistled and excitedly clapped his hands.
[1769] "What a perverted pervert to the bone! It seems this case is more shocking than I imagined! ... Don't worry, I won't write a report about it now. However, Miss Yū... you must have been greatly affected by this news."
[1770] "Yes... " She answered, looking down.
[1771] Shibukawa noticed that their udon noodles had cooled and stuck together, making them unappetizing.
[1772] "Let's go. Have you been to the hotel where the crime scene was? We need to go there..."
[1773] "Do we really have to walk there together? That way, the killer won't be able to approach us."
[1774] "Today, we're just scouting the area. The killer hasn't started looking for new prey yet, and even if he sees Fujiko-san tonight and becomes interested, he'll surely try to attack her the next time he sees her alone."
[1775] "I understand. I'll finish eating this bowl of noodles first, and then we can go."
[1776] With that, Shinya devoured the now clumped noodles and drained every last drop of broth from the bowl.
[1777] It seems he was telling the truth about being short on money lately.
[1778] Hiromi quietly paid the bill and waved off Shinya, who was pretending to dig into his wallet.
[1779] The three left the store, and Shinya said, "You two must have checked out all the shops in the area, right? It seems like you didn't find much. Not surprising, really. The staff at a nightclub like that wouldn't remember all their customers' faces, would they? That's just the way it is."
[1780] "Yuzuki-san said she didn't think her sister would go to a noisy place like that, right?"
[1781] "Yes, I didn't tell the police this, but if it were my sister, she would definitely go to a place where she feels safe, a place where a girl could go alone without worrying."
[1782] "So, you mean a so-called 'singles bar', right? I know a few of those. Let's start by asking these places first. The killer would probably avoid places he's been before, so even if it's a place he's not familiar with, he might still go there."
[1783] Tsuruoka stared intently at the street, thinking for a moment.
[1784] "I want to go to the hotel first and then come back. It was said that it snowed heavily on the day of the incident, and Sensu-san was drunk. Therefore, I think they couldn't have gone far and didn't take a taxi. I have a feeling that Sensu-san met the killer in a shop near the hotel."
[1785] "Alright, let's go according to your plan." Shito said, leading the way out.
[1786] It was already past seven o'clock, and the street began to reveal its nightly face.
[1787] March 2nd, Yuki
[1788] He found himself in his favorite large closet. It wasn't the children's room where he usually climbed, but the upper part of his parents' bedroom closet. There was a folded blanket in there, and another one was outside the closet. He curled up in the closet like a cat, surrounded by the familiar scent of his mother, inhaling deeply and sleeping.
[1789] It was a Sunday, and they had just finished lunch at home.
[1790] He suddenly woke up from his dream, not knowing where he was, and reached out his hands into the darkness in a state of panic.
[1791] Don't be afraid, don't be afraid, you are in the closet.
[1792] It must be nighttime now. Will Mom be angry because she doesn't know where I've gone?
[1793] He quietly opens the closet door, but stops his hand in surprise.
[1794] Mom is not covered with a blanket and is lying on the mattress asleep. Maybe because there is still some time before dinner, she feels tired like him and lies down to sleep.
[1795] Mom's sleeping posture is very elegant, with her hands on her stomach and lying straight there. This makes Pu Shenren involuntarily associate her with the Egyptian sarcophagus he saw on TV recently. He only learned from that program that the Egyptians could preserve their bodies "for as long as they wanted."
[1796] Pu Shenren thought that there must be a beautiful corpse in the human-shaped coffin that seems to be alive.
[1797] He tried his best not to make any noise as he crawled out of the closet.
[1798] The late sunset shone straight through the window, enveloping Mom from head to toe, making her look solemn and beautiful. Pu Shenren couldn't think of a word to describe that feeling, but he just gazed at the beautiful Mom from afar. Mom might have gone out just now, with carefully applied makeup and bright red nail polish that seemed like burning flames to him.
[1799] Mom's full breasts rose and fell with her breath under the thin sweater. He lowered his gaze. A pair of smooth and tender legs emerged from the slightly rolled-up skirt.
[1800] His heart pounded loudly, like a drum.
[1801] The scene he saw last night flashed through his mind, and Pūshēngrěn stretched his little hand towards Mom...
[1802] He suddenly woke up, looked around in fear, and found himself in his own room.
[1803] I just had a dream, a dream that was quite vague, but I could still vaguely remember a dream about my childhood. This dream seems to have something to do with my mother, but it's probably just some trivial things. I was soaked in sweat after just sleeping, and it seems that the weather has clearly become hotter recently. The tape recording of his encounter with Momiji has ended, and it is rewinding. Pūshēngrěn looked at the TV in front of him, and there was nothing on the screen at the moment.
[1804] It can't be like this, I feel something is not right.
[1805] That night's feeling was indeed wonderful. However, however... he realized that it was just a simple repetition. He could only rely on this wonderful memory of love and immerse himself in the emptiness of self-stimulation.
[1806] Where did it go wrong? Where should I go back to? The nurse? The runaway girl? Or... the first girl who was killed?
[1807] Bo Shengnin was lost in these many loves, and he began to lose track of which one was the one he cherished the most.
[1808] What attracted me to these women? Why did they all leave me in the end? What is this eternal void in my heart?
[1809] Please tell me! Otherwise, I'll really become a pervert.
[1810] Shinju's genitals finally decayed, and her breasts shriveled up. Bo Shengnin had no choice but to bear his frustration and aimlessly walk the streets again. It had been less than two weeks since that night in Yokohama. He didn't limit his footsteps to places where young women often gather. He would occasionally wander in unfamiliar streets or drive aimlessly around. The only thing that could give him courage now was the transparent song that came from the car's audio system.
[1811] One day, we will all set out
[1812] Each on a different path
[1813] Please don't give up your dreams
[1814] The beauty of her singing will never wither. When he gradually loses faith in all his loves, just hearing her singing will stir up a desire to try again in his heart.
[1815] Just try again. If it ends up like this again, I won't have to take such a big risk. Just try again. This time, I have to be more careful and spend more time choosing a perfect woman. Even if it takes a month or two, it doesn't matter. This time, I have to find the ultimate perfect redemption angel.
[1816] Angel. This word reminds me of the white-clad angel. However, looking back now, out of the four women I've encountered so far, only the nurse named Shima Tomoko is closest to my idea of perfection.
[1817] Why? She's not particularly beautiful -- of course, he doesn't know the answer to this question, he knows nothing.
[1818] Since Hidenori's news has been widely reported, going around in this car to chat up women will only make them suspicious. Moreover, suddenly saying you're going out for a drive only raises suspicion from family members. So, for this part, let's not use the car. That means we'll only be able to find a target in one street for the whole evening. In that case, let's just go to Roppongi. That's where I met her. If we spend more time looking, it's very possible to encounter an even more perfect woman. After all, Roppongi is the place with the most beautiful women in all of Tokyo.
[1819] Hidenori stands on the street in Roppongi, but he doesn't dare to wander around the bar where he met Shima Tomoko and the hotel where they fell in love. He just wanders around under the Tokyo Metropolitan Expressway, gazing at the women passing by in coffee shops or bars from afar.
[1820] Tall, model-like white women; some actresses or actors who seem familiar; men who look like celebrities. Hidenori has no interest in these women who might make ordinary passersby stop and stare.
[1821] Akagi felt a stir in his brain, but he didn't delve any deeper. Perhaps he felt that it was something he shouldn't know.
[1822] Almost every night, he goes to Roppongi. He bought a nightlife guidebook for the first time and searched for prey in cafes, bars, and clubs where women might go alone, according to the book. At the entrance of some stores, he was turned away sternly because his clothes were inappropriate. That day, he went home in anger, but from the next day, he would wear a suit that he only wore on special occasions like graduation ceremonies when he went out.
[1823] He realized that he hadn't cut his hair for a while, so he gave up the usual shop near his home and decided to try a high-end beauty salon in Roppongi. Although the price of the salon was frightening, he felt that the price was not too expensive when he thought about it as an investment to get the most perfect woman.
[1824] Almost every night, he goes to Roppongi. He bought a nightlife guidebook for the first time and searched for prey in cafes, bars, and clubs where women might go alone, according to the book. At the entrance of some stores, he was turned away sternly because his clothes were inappropriate. That day, he went home in anger, but from the next day, he would wear a suit that he only wore on special occasions like graduation ceremonies when he went out.
[1825] He realized that he hadn't cut his hair for a while, so he gave up the usual shop near his home and decided to try a high-end beauty salon in Roppongi. Although the price of the salon was frightening, he felt that the price was not too expensive when he thought about it as an investment to get the most perfect woman.
[1826] Pusei Nen heard that some men would undergo hair removal, plastic surgery, and other procedures to win over women, and he had previously found such things disgusting. However, now he somewhat understood the motives of those men.
[1827] Of course, this is assuming that the most perfect woman can be found.
[1828] Pusei Nen saw several women who caught his eye, but he did not know why he restrained himself. In the end, he did not approach them.
[1829] This might be the last time to spend the night with such women, leaving him with some regret.
[1830] The spring drizzle brought the temperature back to the cold of February, reminding Pusei Nen of the snowy evening. Although it was a very cold night, he received an energy that could drive away all the cold on that night.
[1831] Pei Shengren walked to the Sixtree WAVE in the cold rain, reminiscing about the beauty of that night. At this moment, he felt a hallucination. On the other side of the street, he saw the woman he once loved.
[1832] When was that? Oh, it was a night as cold as today. That day, I saw her where? Right, here in Roppongi.
[1833] Pei Shengren put away his umbrella and tried to get a closer look at the phantom, but the street was a sea of umbrellas. He had to hurry to the other side of the street, to the other side. However, this was not a pedestrian crossing, and the nearest pedestrian crossing would take a long time to reach, and the road was busy with cars, so it would take some time to cross.
[1834] It must be an illusion, he tried to explain to himself in his heart.
[1835] How could she appear here? She... she... she was buried in my yard. She couldn't appear here. She has rotted, and because she has rotted, I cried and buried her in the ground. Has she come back to life? Is there such a thing in the world?
[1836] The old man forgot that it was still raining, standing dazedly on the street. Suddenly, he seemed to remember something and hurriedly headed home. He wanted to see if she was still well and alive in the ground. If... If... If she came back to life, would she be a true angel who returned to the earth for my love? She is, she is the only woman worthy of my love, isn't she?
[1837] When Pao Sheng returned home, it was around 10 p.m., and the family was still awake. He couldn't dig in the yard so openly at that time. He tossed and turned, waiting anxiously for his family to fall asleep. Finally, at 1 a.m., he quietly left his room, descended the stairs, and took a rain umbrella silently out of the entrance hall.
[1838] It was raining continuously. He held an umbrella and walked through the narrow gap next to the wall, turning into the courtyard.
[1839] Pú Shēng Rěn picked up a rusty shovel that was placed in a small water bucket. He went to an unplanted corner of the family garden and began to dig. By now, he had already dug several times, so he remembered very well. It was where they were buried.
[1840] After digging for a while, he found several black plastic bags. He counted them and found there were a total of three.
[1841]Pú Shēngrěn felt his back begin to tremble.
[1842]It was strange. These plastic bags, including the two containing the real tree, should have had five altogether—three containing the breasts and two containing the genitals. Who had disappeared? Which part had disappeared?
[1843]Could it be----
[1844]Pú Shēngrěn opened the plastic bags and found that the meat had rotted to the point where it was impossible to tell whose part it was.
[1845]He put the umbrella aside and began to bury the plastic bags back into the ground with both hands, going crazy.
[1846]Indeed, she came back to life! She was revived just to make me love her again, just to make me love her again.
[1847]Pūshēngrěn returned to his room and suddenly remembered that he hadn't watched her tape in a long time, so he opened the backpack he carried with him.
[1848]However, only one tape was found in the bag. He suddenly felt extremely anxious, but then remembered that the tape he had recently watched with Zhēnshù should be in the camera. He searched the room but could not find the camera. He searched for a while and finally found it in the TV cabinet. Although Pūshēngrěn felt that he had not put the camera there, he did not pay too much attention to it. He quickly put Zhēnshù's tape into the VCR and began to enjoy it.
[1849]She is still alive, she is still alive now.
[1850]I must go to Rénbǎnwood again, I must find her.
[1851] The next day was March 20th. Pu Shengnin began to wander around the place where he saw her from the moment the sun rose. He went from bar to bar until the last train departure. But he still couldn't find any trace of her.
[1852] The next day was the same, and on the fourth day, it was still a rainy day. Despite this, Pu Shengnin did not stop his search for her.
[1853] He always felt as if someone was watching him.
[1854] He had this feeling and turned around to look several times. He even felt that she might be watching him from some corner, but no matter how he looked, he couldn't find any trace of her. He repeatedly told himself that it might be an illusion, but the feeling of being watched from behind could never be erased.
[1855] Regardless of whether it was his own wish or not, the places he wandered around slowly approached the bar where he had talked to her before. The bar was called "Mirror on the Wall". He was certain that she was waiting for him there, but at the same time, a vague sense of caution repeatedly told him not to approach that bar.
[1856] Two thoughts fought fiercely in his mind.
[1857] He was not afraid that the police were hiding in the bar; he was perhaps afraid of meeting her, of meeting her again in the mortal world. He wanted to see her, but he didn't want to see her. He struggled in his mind. He kept wandering around "Mirror on the Wall" but never went inside.
[1858] Finally, the night brought a brief clear sky in the rainy season. Fukuzawa finally made up his mind and stood in front of "Mirror on the Wall."
[1859] It was the last moment of March 28th.
[1860] March 3rd, Yaiko
[1861] What video is that child watching? Is he pushing me away so I don't see it? Is it an adult film?
[1862] If it was really an adult film, that would be great.
[1863] Yoko had always hated such degrading things before, but now she genuinely hoped her son was watching something dirty.
[1864] However, I remember he was watching an 8mm video tape. But I've never heard of an 8mm version of an adult film. And even if he was watching an adult film, he wouldn't turn pale with fear, would he? I know everything about when he ejaculates, when he masturbates, and how often he does it, so it's not surprising that he's watching an adult film now.
[1865] Yoko didn't consider the possibility that her actions had been discovered.
[1866] The blood-stained plastic bag... the car described by the witness... and the fact that he secretly watched an 8mm videotape... he even used violence against his own mother to keep the videotape from being discovered!
[1867] Yoko had initially dismissed all of this as ridiculous paranoia, but now all the evidence points in the same direction...
[1868] He... he is the murderer.
[1869] He is the one who brings women he meets by chance to hotels, has sex with them, strangles them, and then cuts off their breasts!
[1870] Yoko doesn't want to believe it, but she has no choice now but to accept it.
[1871] This is a disease. It's not an ordinary crime. It's a serious disease. That child must have suffered from a mental disorder. Japanese law seems to stipulate that crimes committed in such a state will not be subject to legal punishment. However, if he is caught by the police and overwhelmed by the curiosity and anger of the world like the serial killer who murdered the young girls, not only will he himself be unable to continue living, but we will also be unable to continue living. From the moment he is arrested, all members of our family will suffer a punishment more terrifying than death. The media and the public will take our lives before the judge pronounces judgment.
[1872] We can't bear this. This will destroy our entire family. Our daughter will never be married, and my husband will surely lose his current job. We won't be able to continue living here and will have to move to another place. And wherever we go, rumors about us will spread, and we will have to keep moving ...
[1873] At that time, not only our lives will become difficult, but the trust between our family members will also become fragmented. Everything we have worked so hard to build up until now, the bonds of love that I have painstakingly woven into our family, will be turned into endless suspicion and deep hatred in an instant.
[1874] We can't go on living. If it comes to this, our entire family will be unable to continue living.
[1875] If mental illness does not constitute a crime in law, then we have no reason to suffer such punishment. The most important thing now is to cure that child's illness. As long as he doesn't continue to kill, there will be no problem. From a legal perspective, is this not more reasonable and lawful?
[1876] Because it was this disease that caused all of this, and the child himself was not at fault.
[1877] This uneasy feeling had subtly passed through Yasuko's mind before, but it wasn't until her suspicions about the child grew stronger that it suddenly erupted.
[1878] This fear of persecution towards her family, this unwavering belief in a peaceful life, these thoughts fueled Yaiko's infinite hatred towards the enemy who she believed was trying to take away everything from her - she had already personified this enemy and viewed it as a shadow figure.
[1879] I must do something. I must… but what should I do? Even if I convince the boy to go to the hospital, but if I can't explain the situation, the doctor won't treat him. And if he's treated with hypnotherapy by the doctor, he might end up confessing to the murder. What should I do? Will the outcome still be getting arrested by the police? Will the fate of our family still be unchanged?
[1880] No, you can't even take him to the hospital.
[1881] If it's just to stop him from killing... imprison him? If I do that, everyone in the family must cooperate. If I tell them the truth, they should understand my intentions, right?
[1882] The key is evidence. Once they see the evidence, everyone should agree with me. Then, together, we can take care of the child and keep him from going out. This will not only strengthen the bond between the family, but also allow the child to be bathed in everyone's love. His mental issues should be cured right away.
[1883] No pain, no gain. After going through such a hardship, I will surely be able to build a more perfect family.
[1884] As soon as the child leaves, I will thoroughly search his room. If he doesn't have the video tape on him, then he must have hidden it somewhere in the house. Perhaps this time I can find something else.
[1885] Yasuko made up her mind and got into bed, but she couldn't sleep at all.
[1886] It's all my husband's fault. He's always not at home, and because the father, who is the same-sex object, is never at home, the child has become obsessed with this strange disease. I don't know if the child has a problem with impotence. But it's all because of him that the child can't have a normal relationship with the opposite sex.
[1887] Strangling women and cutting off parts of them... perhaps because the child is too gentle and delicate, perhaps because of the extreme competition in the examination war, the child's mental state has been affected. If that's the case, then the culprit should be the entire social system. The child and the women he killed are all victims. It should be punished by society, not the child and us...
[1888] Yoko was surrounded by various feelings: pain, worry, fear, and anger. Her complex emotions mixed together, making it impossible for her to sleep. At that moment, she heard the sound of floorboards creaking outside the door. Someone was walking on the floor, trying to keep their steps as quiet as possible. Although they tried to control their footsteps, in the dead of night, it was still possible to hear them clearly if one listened carefully. This was definitely not an auditory hallucination.
[1889] The front door of the entrance was opened with a creaking sound. Was it going out? At this time?
[1890] Yoko waited motionless for the sound of the car engine, but the person did not intend to drive out. They probably went somewhere on foot.
[1891] Yae quietly crawls out of the futon, slightly opens the sliding door, and looks at the dark corridor through the gap. Yae's room is at the deepest end of the first floor, so she can see the person coming from the entrance and will not be seen by the other person.
[1892] If my husband or daughter went out to handle a small matter, it would be great, Yae prays in her heart. Although she has mentally prepared herself, she has never seen her son doing anything before, so she cannot give up the last hope. But what if he does something in front of me tonight? What should I do?
[1893] Yae sees a silhouette on the other side of the entrance glass. The sliding door at the entrance slowly opens, and Yae unconsciously holds her breath. Because of the backlight, Yae can only see the outline of the person coming in. She knows it's not her daughter. Is it her husband? If it is, it would be great.
[1894] However, it is not what Yae expected. The silhouette "swoosh" dives into the house and carefully turns around to gently close the door. At this moment, Yae clearly sees the side of the other person's face. He is holding something that looks like a bag, but she can't see what it is. Yae quickly retreats to the futon, holding her breath motionlessly, and she hears a slight sound of locking the door and the creaking of the floor. In the end, all Yae can hear is the irritating tinnitus ringing in her ears.
[1895] What is he doing? The child really went out, right? Where did he go within the range of him coming back in a while?
[1896] It was already past three in the morning, specifically at 3:11 on March 11th. There were no neighbors nearby that he could visit at this hour, and there were no shops open at this time. So, where did he go?
[1897] Yasuko couldn't find any clues, and her reasoning and thinking gradually turned into a complete nightmare, finally leaving her in a shallow sleep trap that she couldn't escape.
[1898] The next afternoon, Yasuko and her daughter, Sora, were the only ones at home. Yasuko noticed that Sora seemed to be planning to go somewhere, so she thought she would soon have a chance to search the house thoroughly. However, Sora didn't go out and instead sat at the dining table, munching on snacks with no intention of going anywhere.
[1899] Yasuko was so frustrated that she wanted to scream, so she busied herself with housework and laundry to distract herself. After completing all the chores, she decided to go shopping.
[1900] "Sora, do you want to go shopping with me?"
[1901] The daughter only laughs at the TV and doesn't respond, indicating she doesn't want to go. Yoko goes shopping alone. As she puts on her shoes to leave, she notices scattered black soil on the floor. It was not that dirty yesterday, so someone must have come in with dirty shoes.
[1902] Yoko walks out angrily, surprised at her own anger. Outside, she sees the same black soil scattered around. It is logical that it came from outside, but these soils are not from the road. Yoko looks around and finds more black soil on the small path leading to the backyard.
[1903] Yoko finds it strange, but she quickly remembers the events of the previous night.
[1904] Why did he go out again so soon? If he had to go to the backyard, that explanation could work. Could it be that the child...
[1905] Yoko feels uneasy but still walks towards the backyard. She quickly realizes where the black soil came from. It was brought from the backyard many years ago for planting vegetables, and they often grew small, unsightly cucumbers and tiny eggplants. Now, there is nothing planted there, and it is overgrown with weeds. The black soil seems to have been brought into the house from there.
[1906] Yasuko stared at the soil for a moment.
[1907] It seems that something is buried there. She didn't need to think about it, but she still forced herself not to think about what was buried there.
[1908] Yasuko looked at this barren vegetable garden, standing motionless for more than five minutes. She even wanted to turn around and leave as if she had seen nothing. However, she finally gathered her courage, picked up the shovel placed beside the vegetable garden, and began to dig the slightly disordered black soil.
[1909] The soil was loose, obviously recently dug, and Yasuko was more like holding the shovel to push the soil to the sides until she saw something. Soon, she heard a squeak, and she knew that the shovel had hit something outside the soil.
[1910] Several unlucky black plastic bags. Just like the black plastic bags that started this nightmare.
[1911] I already know what's inside, yes, I've seen it before in my nightmares. Last night, the night before, and I don't know how many times before that. Over and over again, I've seen it...
[1912] Yasuko trembled as she reached out and pulled the plastic bag out of the ground.
[1913] A foul odor assaulted her.
[1914] In that instant, Yasuko stopped breathing.
[1915] That's enough, there's no need to open it, I know what's inside.
[1916] She tells herself this, intending to stop there and not look inside the bag any further. But she knows deep down that she cannot stop there today. These are the evidence she needs. These are what she needs to convince her family that these are not her delusions, that this evidence is essential.
[1917] And even if all of this might be her imagination, this plastic bag might not contain what she imagines, it could be something else entirely, something that would make her laugh out loud.
[1918] I must open it and see.
[1919] Yoko unzips the plastic bag.
[1920] Chapter 10
[1921] March 1st
[1922] Kikuchi, Fujiko, and Sagawa worked together to visit several shops in one week, but none of the shopkeepers were willing to cooperate, fearing that the investigation would affect their business. When Kikuchi and Fujiko arrived, the shopkeepers became cautious in their responses. Although bringing the victim's sister along helped to gain some information, it would not take long for rumors to spread. As a result, they found no leads and wasted a lot of time.
[1923] They decided to change their strategy on March 13th, a Friday, thinking that the killer might be out looking for victims.
[1924] The new strategy was as follows: Kikuchi would enter the selected shop first and sit in a position where he could see the entrance. Two or three minutes later, Fujiko would enter and sit in a place where she could easily be approached, such as the bar. Kikuchi would observe from a distance to see if any men made suspicious moves when they saw Fujiko. Sagawa would enter last and monitor the areas Kikuchi couldn't see. When leaving, if Kikuchi decided to abandon the shop, he would walk out first to check if there were any suspicious men outside. After observing for two or three minutes, Fujiko would leave, and then Sagawa would be the last to exit. After Fujiko and Sagawa left, Kikuchi would already be waiting at the door of another prearranged shop.
[1925] They began their investigation at 9 pm, staying at each shop for about an hour. They felt it was unnecessary to spend more than an hour at one location. In this way, they visited about three shops each night, which was their limit, but if they maintained this efficiency, they could cover all the shops with potential leads in ten days.
[1926]However, Takano did not anticipate that a young and beautiful girl like Yū drinking alone at the bar would attract at least one man to approach her in any shop.
[1927]The first man to approach Yū was a man wearing a shiny black suit and sunglasses. As soon as he sat next to Yū, he put his hand on her shoulder and smiled mischievously. Takano was very angry and wanted to rush over several times.
[1928]Yū probably told him "I want to drink alone," and the man reluctantly left. After a while, he seemed to be in a bad mood and left. As soon as he went out, Takano followed him from behind, twisted his wrist, and pushed him against the cigarette vending machine at the entrance of the shop, introducing himself as a police officer.
[1929]The man, who was scared, gave Takano his address, name, and occupation. Takano warned him not to interfere with the police investigation and not to tell anyone about this, and then let him go. The "suspect" list obtained in this way would increase by three or four people every day, and sometimes even six people in a day. These "suspects" looked harmless at least, and didn't seem to be perverts. When interrogating them, Takano began to waver. Moreover, Takano couldn't find an excuse to hand over this list to the police, and they didn't have time to investigate the backgrounds of these people one by one. They could only continue to patrol and investigate in the bar area, hoping for something else to happen.
[1930]The reporter, who should have been busy, kept his promise and followed Takano and Yū everywhere to investigate every day. Although they worked hard to investigate, in the end, they may not get any useful information. Therefore, Takano couldn't help but wonder if the guy had any other intentions. However, when you think about it, Sagawa didn't really understand their actions, and even we ourselves couldn't fully understand them.
[1931] Yuzu was also in the same situation, having to go out every day without being able to explain the true purpose to her family, which must have been very painful. However, Yuzu did not mention her difficulties in front of Hikida and simply followed his instructions.
[1932] Hikida watched Yuzu grow thinner and more exhausted day by day, but said nothing. He only silently prayed that she would not blame him, but channel her feelings in a way that would benefit him. This idea also applied to Hikida himself.
[1933] Hikida seemed to hear his police colleagues say, "You old fart, you should have retired already, and what's the point of pretending to be a cop like a kid on the street? Go to the nursing home and wait to die. Don't bother us here."
[1934] Perhaps it was his wife's voice, or perhaps it was Miyuki's voice.
[1935] The only thing that Hikida and Saito could be relieved about was that the police and the media had probably turned over every stone in the area, so they did not encounter any former acquaintances or colleagues, and they could only pray that they would not encounter them in the future.
[1936] To Tachibana's surprise, the expected progress took a different form. It was March 20th, and they had expected the killer to strike again at the earliest in April. Since their actions had become somewhat routine, they were not tense on this day.
[1937] That night, they entered a bar as usual and sat down separately. Yū, however, looked back at Tachibana and Shibata and gestured to them repeatedly. Tachibana initially ignored Yū's gesture, but her expression seemed to indicate an urgent matter, so he signaled to Shibata to join him at the bar where Yū was sitting.
[1938] "What's wrong?" Tachibana asked somewhat irritably.
[1939] Yū indicated the bartender in front of her with her eyes.
[1940] "This person... he...
[1941] Yoshimoto suddenly realized.
[1942] It was the bartender! Couldn't the bartender wait until the bar closed to approach the customers and take them to a hotel? This guy...
[1943] Yoshimoto tried to grab the bartender's shirt, but Yuzu quickly stopped him.
[1944] "Please don't misunderstand. I want you two to listen to what he has to say."
[1945] The bartender appeared to be in his early twenties, tall and handsome. He was taken aback by the intense gaze of the two men and unconsciously clutched the towel he was holding, unsure of what to do.
[1946] "What's going on?"
[1947] The two finally realized that the other was not the killer and sat down separately.
[1948] "This person... said to me, 'You were sitting here before,' " Fubuki said.
[1949] Tsubota and Shita took a while to understand the meaning of the sentence.
[1950] Shita opened his mouth in surprise and pointed at the bartender, mumbling, "So, so... does that mean..."
[1951] The bartender's face showed a hint of unease, as if he were constantly considering whether he had made a fatal mistake.
[1952] "I just…I just thought I had seen her before, that's all…"
[1953] "When was 'before'?" Tsubaki asked excitedly, adopting a questioning tone.
[1954] "Please don't be like that, Tsubaki-san. He'll be scared by you. Don't worry, we're not blaming you. We just have some questions. Do you remember when you saw her—no, when you saw a woman who looked like her? When was that?" Saitō seemed to want to calm Tsubaki down, placing a hand on his shoulder and asking the bartender.
[1955] "You mean how long ago?…Probably around when I was getting ready to take a break, so…maybe the second day?" The bartender's voice still held a slight air of unease.
[1956] "The second day? That's the third day, isn't it? Or isn't it the third day?" Mr. Shibata, who was trying to calm Tsukishima, seems to be getting excited.
[1957] The bartender licks his lips, as if searching his memory frantically.
[1958] "I think so. Oh, right, it was on the third day… yes, that's right, it was the last day, definitely the third day. Oh, you mentioned a woman who looked like her… did she not come here that day?"
[1959] Tsukishima and Mr. Shibata exchange glances, unsure whether they should be happy or not.
[1960] "…You mean the last day?" Tsukishima asks again.
[1961] The bartender, thinking that Ms. Tsukiyama was still calm, began to answer rapidly.
[1962] "Yes, I took a break from the fourth day and went on vacation for ten days. I was indeed on duty for the last shift on the third day."
[1963] "A vacation?" Ms. Tsukiyama and Mr. Saito asked at the same time.
[1964] "Yes, I went to the West Coast. It was the American West Coast. I didn't go alone. I went with three friends, and I can have them vouch for me."
[1965] He mentioned proof, probably thinking we were investigators from the police.
[1966] I've been retired for so long, it seems my eyesight is still the same as before, thought Yagita. He felt a little upset and ashamed.
[1967] "…You've probably heard about the murder case that happened around here, right?" said Kitamura.
[1968] "I know. I heard about it after I came back. I also heard that the police came, and I saw a poster with the victim's photo on it that said, 'If you have seen this person, please contact the police.' The photo looked like a generic face. Oh, wait, now that you mention it, I do think this Miss is quite similar to the person in the photo… no, she's really similar."
[1969] "Alright, we got it," interrupted Yagita without looking at Hibiki.
[1970] Even very familiar people can sometimes not recognize each other in certain situations. For this bartender, the living and breathing Yagita Fujiko sitting at the same bar seemed more like the real Yagita Fujiko than the photo of Yagita Fujiko.
[1971] Taki remained silent, not knowing what else to ask the bartender.
[1972] "It seems the investigation has made some progress," Saito muttered.
[1973] You're right, you're right. We found the shop that the police overlooked. But what about the clues about the culprit?
[1974] Taki looked up sharply, eagerly asking.
[1975] "So, did any men try to talk to the woman sitting here that day?"
[1976] The bartender casually said to the three people holding their breath, "Yes, there was. By the way, wasn't the woman sitting here that day this miss?"
[1977] Hikota decided to keep quiet about them being sisters.
[1978] "No, they were just two strangers who happened to look alike. And then what happened? What was her reaction after someone approached her?"
[1979] Hikota and Shizuyama exchanged a glance and nodded lightly.
[1980] Absolutely, that guy killed her later. That guy is the sadistic serial killer who murdered three women. And we found a witness who saw him up close.
[1981] "What kind of person was that guy?"
[1982] The bartender looked lost in thought and began searching his memory.
[1983] "You asked what kind of person he was... Well, he wasn't fat. Right, he seemed quite gentle. I'd say he was a good man. I've been in this business for years, and I've seen all kinds of men trying to pick up women. Most of them make me uncomfortable, and sometimes I have to help the ladies out of a tight spot. But that guy, well, he didn't make me feel uncomfortable. He didn't seem like he was trying to pick up a woman at all."
[1984] Higuchi listened intently, but realized that the bartender's testimony was unreliable. He bit his tongue and asked, "How old was he and what was he wearing?"
[1985] "I think he was about thirty. He was dressed casually and had a big backpack. He looked like an older student."
[1986] Student.
[1987] Takeda thought to himself, "That's what I expected. Even if he wasn't a student, he must have been a student-like freeter."
[1988] "How tall was he?"
[1989] "When they left, I saw that he was a head taller than the woman, so he was of average height, yes, quite tall."
[1990] Takeda felt his excitement waning. We had a head start on the police in finding Miyuki's whereabouts, which could be a big accomplishment. However, the only crucial clue we had was some vague eyewitness testimony. Moreover, the man who saw Miyuki's photo couldn't tell who was who, so it was uncertain if he saw Miyuki that day. Even if he did see Miyuki, there was no guarantee that his description of the suspect's appearance was accurate.
[1991] "Oh, right. So, he said he was a student himself."
[1992] Taki was surprised and asked, "You heard him say that? Directly?"
[1993] The bartender nodded slightly in embarrassment.
[1994] "Yes, but I never eavesdrop on guests' conversations. I usually stand in a place where I can't hear them. However, sometimes, like when I'm mixing drinks, I might hear a little bit. At that time, he was introducing himself. Hmm... he did say he was a graduate student and then... what was it... I can't remember, something about doing research. If he's a graduate student, he naturally looks like an older student."
[1995] Seeing the bartender's casual demeanor, Taki became somewhat worried. The bartender might have distorted his memory based on the impression that the person was a graduate student, two weeks ago. Taki knew how remarkable humans could distort their memories. For example, if someone remembers someone wearing a suit, but is asked what color the suit was, their memory may become jumbled, so regardless of whether the suit was beige or black, they will end up saying "gray."
[1996] Putting that aside, if the killer was telling the truth to Minako, that was indeed a gain.
[1997] "If he was a graduate student, he probably wouldn't be thirty, maybe twenty-six or twenty-seven at most," said Yuzu.
[1998] "But he would have to pass all his exams and stay in school for a few years to be thirty, right?" said Aoyama.
[1999] Of course, it's not impossible, but Higuchi didn't think it was necessary to completely trust the bartender's testimony. If the killer said he was thirty, his actual age would probably be within five years.
[2000] "Did he say which university he went to?"
[2001] "I think he did, but I can't remember. Hmm... I can't remember."
[2002] Although Taki felt that the killer was not telling the truth, he couldn't help but feel a little down when the bartender said that. The bartender looked apologetic, but his expression soon turned to excitement as he revealed more surprising news.
[2003] "Ah! I remember now. He mentioned his name."
[2004] "What?"
[2005] The bartender looked pleased as he continued, "I remember it was a strange name. He said his surname was Bole, and his name was either Bole Sheng or Bole Sheng. I can't remember the exact name."
[2006] Fuu. This surname is not uncommon, but it is not very common. None of the guys who have approached Yuzuki so far have surnames like Fuu. However, if all this information is true, it is not impossible to find the murderer from the crowd -- as long as the police have the resources to do so.
[2007] Kikuchi felt that the three of them had reached their limit. I should give all the information we have gathered to the police and stop here. But... is that okay? For Yuzuki, for Yonezawa, for myself. Is this really the best way to end it?
[2008] The bartender stared in surprise at the silent trio.
[2009] "Uh... what happened to that guy? You just said something about killing... I mean, did the person who was killed... was it... the one who was sitting here before...” He looked at Yuzuki, and his face turned even paler.
[2010] "Maybe. Look at the photo again. Thank you for your time, and I'm sorry for keeping you so long.” Kikuchi thanked the bartender, paid the bill for all three of them, and hurried the other two out.
[2011] Ito caught up with Tōguchi and asked anxiously, "Mr. Tōguchi, what do we do now? If he goes to the police to confirm, our actions will be exposed immediately!"
[2012] "I know, but we can't keep this information from the police either. This information will help catch the killer, and we have a duty to provide it to the police as soon as possible, not a minute to spare."
[2013] "What are you talking about? How can I let this scoop slip away so easily? How can I let them get a big scoop for free? Have you considered my position at all? I've been with you for so long, and you want me to write a half-day exclusive article?"
[2014] "No, I don't want to give up... Xūn-san?" Tōguchi turned around and looked at Xūn, who was staring at them intently.
[2015] "Ah..."
[2016] "Thanks to you, we were able to get this information. Great job. From now on, shouldn't we give the information to the police?"
[2017] "Okay… um, no… I don't know. I haven't felt real for a while. Maybe I didn't expect the information to come so easily. We're in a state of being 'caught by the fox's nose' now, aren't we? That's why I want to continue with the original plan… However, if Mr. Higuchi, you want to give up…"
[2018] "You want to continue even if you're alone?"
[2019] "Yes… I can't just sit and watch while the killer is still out there. I can't just do nothing and wait…"
[2020] Higuchi nodded.
[2021] "I agree. Alright, let's continue with the original plan."
[2022] "Now you're saying continue, but you just said... " Mr. Saito interrupted.
[2023] "I'll go talk to the police. As a trade for the information we provided, I'll ask them to send us a copy of the montage portrait as soon as they make it, and I'll ask them to contact us once they identify the suspect. Of course, I'll find a reason like 'not to provoke the killer' to ask them not to leak the information to other media. They'll do as we say, or else if the information we found without much effort is revealed to the public, the police will lose face. I think that should keep your headline intact, right? Do you have any objections?"
[2024] Mr. Saito's mouth hung open in surprise, and after a moment, he shook his head and chuckled.
[2025] "Wow, I really have no idea who you are. You're a former police chief, aren't you? Well, of course, I have no objections now. Even someone like me wouldn't want to see more victims, after all."
[2026] "The more victims there are, the more sensational your report becomes," Wakamura thought, but ultimately decided against saying it.
[2027] Wakamura thought, "He may not be a man full of justice, but he's not particularly disliked either. I'm starting to feel a bit of affection for him."
[2028] "Let's change the venue tonight… let's go somewhere and have a good drink together. What do you say, the three of us?"
[2029] March 28, 2023
[2030] The bar remained the same as he remembered, with a narrow staircase leading to an entrance that even regulars might miss. He felt as if he was going back in time, retracing the steps he took when he followed her into this small bar.
[2031] All he needed to do now was push open this door and there she would be, sitting at the bar.
[2032] The woman who should have been dead.
[2033] Ren stood motionless on the sidewalk for several minutes, drawing suspicious glances from passersby, but he didn't have time to pay them any mind.
[2034] I want to see her.
[2035] But I'm afraid.
[2036]I know that meeting her again will change me. She might be like a Pandora's box that I can't open.
[2037]Pao Shengren had a deep unease in his heart, afraid that he would know things he shouldn't know. He had also thought that maybe everything he saw was just a dream created by his excessive longing for her.
[2038]No, it's not like that. The plastic bags I buried in the yard didn't just disappear, did they?
[2039]In an instant, Pao Shengren's mind conjured up such a scene: she appeared before him like a zombie, her breasts shriveled and her genitals emitting a foul odor... He hastily pushed away this terrible image.
[2040]No, it's not like that. If she has been revived, then she... she must be exactly the same as she was before - like an Egyptian mummy.
[2041] It's quite surprising that he thinks of that place. Egyptian mummy? How could I think of such a thing? He feels confused.
[2042] There is a dark domain in Po Shengnin's heart, where there is a shadow, like a child crouching in the corner of the room. He shifts his gaze away from there, knowing that he must not touch that domain.
[2043] Do I really believe in the resurrection of the dead? Has my brain gone bad? — No. The dead will never come back to life. I know that very well. However, she is alive now. That means the only explanation is that I didn't kill her at the time. All the cutting off of breasts and genitals, putting them into plastic bags, and bringing them home were just my fantasies. Therefore, she is still alive. And there has never been any plastic bags containing her buried in the yard. Although I filmed her, and I have watched that tape over and over again, but it's all just a fantasy.
[2044] Everything that has happened is for the sake of today's meeting. Po Shengnin becomes intoxicated just thinking about it.
[2045] It's just a kind of premonition-like fantasy. I will eventually meet the perfect woman and obtain ultimate love. It will definitely be like this.
[2046] With this thought, he no longer feels confused. As he descends the stairs, a man in his forties is about to ascend, and he steps aside to let him pass, but the man doesn't even nod.
[2047] Momo doesn't mind; he descends the stairs and pushes open the door of "Mirror on the Wall." She is indeed sitting alone at the farthest end of the bar.
[2048] He is not surprised at all and sits down next to her, saying, "Are you alone today?"
[2049] March 3rd, Ya Zi
[2050] Despite the overwhelming evidence, Ya Zi doesn't know what to do next.
[2051] Should I show this terrifying thing to my family? How could I possibly do that.
[2052] I can't let them see this kind of thing. I... What should I do? What can I do to save that child?
[2053] If I tell him not to kill anymore, will he listen quietly? Won't he get angry instead? Will he suddenly become violent towards me again like yesterday?
[2054] Finally, Ya Zi decided to keep a close eye on her son, following him secretly to see where he goes. However, since Ya Zi neither knew the techniques nor had the methods, this task was too difficult for her. She could only follow her son to the station and watch him board the train. She knew that it would be dangerous to follow him on the train, as she would be discovered immediately. She had never thought of hiring a private detective to investigate, but continuing like this was meaningless. Ya Zi felt that for the time being, there shouldn't be any problems, but once April comes, it would be dangerous. At that time, she must not let her son go out.
[2055] Ya Zi was in despair, not knowing what to do next. But she knew that she could not stand idly by. Her son could kill other women at any time, and I have no way to stop it...
[2056]Yoko suddenly has an idea: if she buys sunglasses and a hat to change her appearance, she can probably follow him all the time. Although she will have to come up with a plausible reason for her family, this is the best method.
[2057]March 28th. After dinner that day, Yoko caught her son as he was about to leave. She asked him where he was going.
[2058]"I'm going to a friend's place," he said.
[2059]"A friend? Who?"
[2060]"You don't know," he said, avoiding her gaze.
[2061] She noticed that the path her son took led to the train station.
[2062] Yaiko quickly told her daughter that she was going out too, quickly changed her clothes, and rode her bicycle to the station. She saw her son's silhouette at the ticket gate and finally breathed a sigh of relief. However, Yaiko knew that the real challenge was yet to come.
[2063] Where was her son going?
[2064] No matter where he was going, I would follow him to the end today.
[2065] 4 March, Taki
[2066] Although Ikegawa received a suspect sketch based on the bartender's description from Inoue, Inoue only said that the investigation of the graduate student named Kawaguchi was still ongoing and did not provide any further information to Ikegawa. Inoue's reason for this was to protect the human rights of others.
[2067] The sketch portrayed a man wearing a sweet mask, with a refined facial structure that could make women feel secure and relaxed. Ikegawa prayed in her heart that the appearance of the killer at least matched the sketch by 80-90%.
[2068] "... Please don't act on your own," Inoue said angrily, which was a natural reaction.
[2069] "Sorry, we don't want to interfere with the investigation. Can you please not worry about us and let us do whatever we want?"
[2070] "Who do you think you are? You're not the same police chief as before!"
[2071] Who am I? I'm just an old man who killed a woman.
[2072] Kagawa wanted to say this, but he didn't. Even if he told Noguchi this, he probably wouldn't understand.
[2073] Noguchi didn't say anything else.
[2074] "Do whatever you want" - Kagawa understood Noguchi's silence in this way.
[2075] Kagawa believed that the killer would never appear again at the "Mirror on the Wall" where the previous crime took place. The killer was clever and constantly changed his crime scenes, so he would never show up in a place where he had been exposed. However, Yū had her own opinion. She wanted to come to this shop every day and sit for a while. She wanted to spend more time in the place where her sister was last seen, the place where her sister had her last drink, even if it was just for a short while.
[2076] The river mouth decided to stay with her, but because of Mr. Saito's refusal, it became their daily place to drink after visiting three stores.
[2077] Sometimes they sat at the bar, sometimes in a booth, and the river mouth just listened to Yin's endless ramblings. Yin talked about her sister Minako's childhood, her parents, and the men she had been with so far, including Minako's husband.
[2078] Yin also wanted to hear the river mouth's story, so he began to tell the story of his wife, Mei. From their meeting to their marriage that was opposed by their families, from their lack of children to Mei's death. Whether happy or sad, the river mouth only briefly touched upon it.
[2079] The river mouth gradually began to realize that this was what they really needed. They didn't need the daily detective game, but rather the genuine exchange between them.
[2080] "I think I can understand my sister's feelings a little bit," Yin said one evening. "Oh, is that so?" The river mouth replied coldly without realizing the profound meaning of the words.
[2081] "I know why my sister fell in love with Mr. Higuchi."
[2082] This left Higuchi speechless. Fujiko continued, "You remind me so much of our father. Our father always favored me more, and I remember him pampering me because I was younger. My parents would often say that Minako was a strong child and didn't need as much attention, unlike me. But I don't think that's true. Our father just thought I was prettier than Minako. Although Minako didn't receive any special treatment, I think she knew what our father thought of her."
[2083] "Minako's marriage was indeed a failure. She needed a man who could rely on her completely, like our father, but she was labeled as a 'career woman' in her marriage and ended up marrying someone like a 'DINK' couple. But actually… actually…" (Note: DINK is an acronym for Double/Dual Income No Kids, meaning a couple where both partners work and don't have children.)
[2084] Higuchi didn't fully agree with this assessment, but he remained silent, sipping his drink.
[2085] "I heard that my sister's love interest was someone around our father's age, and it did shock me at first. But after talking with you, I realized that age doesn't matter… I told you before that I wanted everything my sister had, right? Well, it seems that hasn't changed."
[2086] Fujiko wanted to end her conversation with a smile, but her expression twisted in pain. Ikegawa couldn't bear it anymore and said, "Let's go back."
[2087] Fujiko lowered her head and shook her head.
[2088] "Can you hug me? Just pretend I'm your sister you never got to hug."
[2089] Ikegawa wanted to say "Don't joke around" to Fujiko, but he held back. He understood that she was very serious when she said that, and it was not a joke. In that instant, Ikegawa's heart moved: maybe this was a redemption for both of them.
[2090] But Ikegawa still said, "No. We won't do anything, and it will only make us more hurt. No matter how much you blame yourself, your sister won't come back. You should wake up and focus on your own life... I'm leaving now."
[2091] Although he obtained important information, Xiangkou now felt that it was all in vain. In the end, no one got redemption. Should he let this action end here? Does he really think he will catch the killer with his own hands?
[2092] Xiangkou left Xiang, who didn't want to get up from the bar, to settle the bill. As he walked out of the door, he turned back to look at her, and Xiang was sitting there motionless, not crying.
[2093] "Aren't you going back?" Xiangkou called out.
[2094] "…Yes, I'll stay a little longer. I'll have a drink alone. Goodnight."
[2095] "Goodnight."
[2096] Letting her stay alone for a while might be better, I'll do the same.
[2097] Kikuko thought as he walked out of the bar. He climbed up the narrow stairs and found a man in a suit waiting up there. The staircase was too narrow for two people to pass at the same time.
[2098] Kikuko did not look at the man's face and walked past him.
[2099] At this time, it was around 11:00 p.m. on March 28th.
[2100] 5 28th night 11:05 pm Reng
[2101] "My name is Bole Gen, Bole Gen Taki."
[2102] Bole Gen Taki noticed that her body stiffened when he said his name.
[2103] Although the girl said her name was Fu, Bole Gen Taki didn't mind.
[2104] Definitely her. No matter what her name is, a rose is a rose is a rose. (Note: A quote from Gertrude Stein's poem "Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose")
[2105] She was wearing the same gray suit as in Bole Gen Taki's memory - perhaps a memory of the future - and sitting on the highest stool in the bar.
[2106] Although she wasn't crying tonight, her face was extremely pale. She nervously looked around the room, beads of sweat forming on her forehead.
[2107] Perhaps she wasn't feeling well, Púshēng Rěn thought.
[2108] "If I'm causing you any trouble, I'll leave immediately…"
[2109] "No! Not at all!" She interrupted him hastily.
[2110] Púshēng Rěn couldn't remember meeting the bartender, but when he ordered a watered-down whiskey, the bartender responded with "Early Times, okay?" as if from memory.
[2111] It seemed something was off about the situation.
[2112] Xun's cup still had half a beer in it, but her gaze followed the departing bartender, as if she had something to say.
[2113] "Are you hungry? I'll order for you."
[2114] "What?...No, I'm not hungry." She smiled politely at him.
[2115] Indeed, it seems she really wants to be with me.
[2116] At this point, there is no need to waste time. She is the woman I have been looking for all along, and she wants me to take good care of her.
[2117] Let's love passionately, until we go crazy and die.
[2118] "Let's go. I know a great place."
[2119] She looks quite worried and anxious, and Pao-Sheng thinks she is just trying to make him impatient and whet his appetite.
[2120] "Okay, wait for me a moment. I'll touch up my makeup."
[2121] After a few minutes, she comes back from the makeup room, but she doesn't look like she's just touched up her makeup. Women probably have their own things to take care of, I suppose, so I don't ask her about it.
[2122] When I pay the bill, I only pay for the ticket and the unfinished whiskey. It seems like she's already paid for her drink. It looks like she wanted to leave early, otherwise we would have missed each other again.
[2123] As we leave the store and climb the stairs, she looks around again.
[2124] "What's wrong?"
[2125] "Nothing... Don't worry. Where are we going?"
[2126] He smiled back at her. "It's a great place."
[2127] 6:28 PM on September 28th, Taki
[2128] Taki chewed on his pain, slowly walking towards the subway station.
[2129] Why didn't you hug her? Why didn't you have sex with her? Your thing isn't that hard, right? Just have sex with her, and your boring guilt will disappear instantly.
[2130] Taki's heart suddenly became restless, and an ominous feeling passed through his mind. If the end came and Fuyu became a victim of the murderer, how could he face them? Just thinking about the guilt of killing Minako was already too much for him…
[2131]Higuchi dismissed the idea How could the killer appear again at that store? He wouldn't be that stupid But what if he did show up there? Or, what if another man comes over and talks to her, and that man happens to be a vert?
[2132]Higuchi stopped in his tracks, lost in thought Regardless, he decided to walk fumigation home
[2133] Absolutely cannot let her stay alone on the street, even if I have to drag her home.
[2134] He turned around and walked back towards "Mirror on the Wall". He had already walked quite far from the store and was almost at the subway station.
[2135] There was a woman on the way who was asking people for directions. She was wearing sunglasses and looked very strange. However, the people passing by didn't seem to know the place she was asking about and shook their heads.
[2136] "…Excuse me, is there a hotel nearby where a murder case has occurred? Do you know?" Tsubasa was also asked by the woman.
[2137] "Murder?... You mean the recent serial murder case?" Tsubasa asked with a tight face.
[2138] "Yes, that's the one."
[2139] She looked like a middle-aged woman, but her movements were quite strange. It was already strange enough that she was wearing sunglasses at night, but she also wore a wide-brimmed hat and deliberately lowered the brim, making it impossible for others to see her face. It was obvious that she didn't want others to see her face.
[2140] An urgent alarm sounded in Tsubasa's mind.
[2141] This woman is suspicious. What connection does she have to the case?
[2142] "Why do you want to go to such a place?" Taki asked, trying to keep his voice steady.
[2143] "Nothing... I just happened to..."
[2144] Taki stared at her, watching her fidget nervously.
[2145] Is she mentally unstable? Taki wondered.
[2146] After a moment of hesitation, Taki told her the name of the hotel and the route to get there. Taki left first, but since they were going in the same direction, the woman followed her.
[2147] The woman seemed to see Taki enter "Mirror on the Wall," but he had no time to worry about it and quickly went down the stairs and pushed open the door.
[2148] Xun was not inside.
[2149] Taki quickly asked the cashier.
[2150] "Did you see the girl I brought?"
[2151] "Ah, the one sitting at the bar over there? I saw her, she left with a gentleman who came in later…"
[2152] A gentleman who came in later? Did Kitamura come back?
[2153] At that moment, a young woman's voice came from behind, and Kishibe quickly turned his gaze.
[2154] "Oh, that's disgusting! What is that?" A customer grabbed a bartender and asked.
[2155] "What happened?" The bartender asked.
[2156] "Someone wrote 'Call the police' on the mirror in the bathroom."
[2157] Call the police?
[2158] Fukuchi instinctively understood everything was written by Yuzu.
[2159] The killer first passed by me and then went to talk to Yuzu. Wait, passed by me? ... Is it the one standing at the entrance of the stairs? That monster!
[2160] Fukuchi rushed over and ran into the women's bathroom that the female guest had just used. The women's bathroom had a pinkish wall, very clean, and a large mirror was embedded in the wall, on which someone had written with lipstick:
[2161] Please call the police. The name of the serial killer is Bōshū Nen. I'm going to the hotel with him now.
[2162] Yūki
[2163] "What is this all about..." Tōgō couldn't help but mutter to himself.
[2164] She's so serious, it's so dangerous!
[2165] Bōshū Nen, if you dare touch Yūki, I'll kill you.
[2166] Shūshō Nomi. Kikuko etched the name deeply in her mind.
[2167] 7:28:45 PM, July 28th - Yae
[2168] Yae was frantically wandering the streets, having unknowingly followed her son to Roppongi without him noticing. However, when she climbed up the subway platform steps, her son's silhouette suddenly vanished. Yae couldn't even see which direction he had left in.
[2169] What do I do? What do I do? Is he going to find another woman to kill? What should I do? He must have already chosen his prey by now, right? Or is he just starting to look for a target now? If he's just starting, then today won't be a problem. That reminds me, there was a woman who was killed here before. That should be... Yes, it was the case in February. The body was found in a hotel in Aoyama. I'll go check it out.
[2170] However, Yae didn't know which hotel in Aoyama was referred to as "Aoyama's hotel." She frantically wandered around, asking several passersby, until someone finally told her. Yae then headed towards the location mentioned.
[2171] Ýzi zhēngzài pà dāng zìjǐ huòméi bèijiàn shíhou, cáiqián gěi tā zhǐlù de nánrén cóng tā shēnbàn kuàibù pǎo guòle.
[2172] Dōnghé búyào le?
[2173] Yuǎnyuǎn de chuánchū lüèdí shēng. Zhè bù fēishì, zài Tōkíogùdì zhège dìfang, Ànghé lǐ huì yǒu shènme dìfang hái kěyǐ chuánchū lüèdí shēng.
[2174] Suīrán tā zhème xiǎng, dànbù níng de xīnxué qí suí lüèdí shēng de jiēlái gèng fǎshēng gāozhàng qǐlái.
[2175] Yīchē lüèdí shēng cóng Ýzi shēnhòu hūxiào guòwǒ. Ýzi kuàikè bùzú, zǒuzhe zhe
[2176] Yaiko had expected the love hotel to be lit up with colorful neon lights, but when she saw the hotel, she found that its appearance was very stable, making her feel that it was not a place where a murder had occurred. However, when she saw one patrol car after another parked outside the hotel, she realized that it was indeed here.
[2177] Is that child in the hotel again? Yaiko stopped ten meters away from the hotel, unsure of what to do.
[2178] Blood-red warning lights were flashing wildly.
[2179] It seems that she missed it again.
[2180] Yaiko let out a cry of despair. Suddenly, she felt weak all over, and when she came to her senses, she found herself kneeling on the sidewalk.
[2181] 8:28 PM on the 28th – Takiuchi
[2182] The siren of the patrol car sounded loudly in Takiuchi's ears. He thought to himself that the police had arrived too quickly. He ran as fast as he could, passing the middle-aged woman with sunglasses without realizing it.
[2183] Takiuchi's breathing became more and more rapid, and he had not run this hard for a long time. The sharp pain in his knees spread throughout his body, making him almost stumble. His heart raced faster and faster, and he felt like it would burst out of his white shirt.
[2184] Never mind, you old fool, even if you die, it won't matter. You'll just end up killing another young woman anyway. If you're going to die, it should be you, the old fool. You deserve to die.
[2185] Suddenly, he saw the neon lights of the Love Hotel that he had previously investigated. The name was a row of unreadable Latin letters. What was strange was that a woman in a dark blue uniform stood at the entrance of the hotel, swaying her body worriedly.
[2186]Shikoku wanted to ask her something, but he was too exhausted to speak.
[2187]The woman waved him over, pointing to the hotel and saying, "Hurry up! Quickly!"
[2188]It seemed that something had happened at the hotel. The police were called by the woman, which was why they arrived so quickly.
[2189]Stumbling, Shikoku ran to the woman, struggling to form words: "Out... out... What happened?"
[2190] "A woman was... knife... a man..."
[2191] The woman's words were incoherent. Hikou swayed his body, letting her lead the way, and she stumbled into the garage entrance. They entered the elevator together, and the woman pressed the button for the fourth floor. Hikou leaned against the wall, desperately holding himself up to prevent his body from sliding down the wall.
[2192] Compared to the burning lungs and the heart about to burst, the inexplicable sense of despair was more crushing for Hikou.
[2193] My hands have touched everything that is leading to death. I am the god of death. I am the one called Thanatos, the god of death.
[2194] As soon as the elevator door opened, Hikou rushed out like diving. He saw a door on the right open.
[2195] "Just…just…there, there!" The woman seemed unwilling to leave the elevator, pointing only with her finger.
[2196] Takanami went inside.
[2197] On the disheveled bed, Yuzuki lay motionless, dressed and lying horizontally. It was strange that Yuzuki had headphones on her head, and the earphone wire was connected to a CD player beside the bed.
[2198] "Yuzuki!" Takanami called her name and was about to run over, but he noticed there was someone else in the room.
[2199] It was a man. A young man. A knife was stuck in his abdomen, and he leaned against the bedpost, lifeless. He wore a denim jacket and jeans. Was this the killer? But this person was definitely not the man he saw outside the bar. And he didn't look like the collage portrait made from the bar's security footage.
[2200] Next to the man, a camera with a tripod attached to the bottom lay on its side.
[2201]Did he get stabbed in the resistance? It didn't seem likely based on the scene, but Watase couldn't think of a more reasonable explanation.
[2202]Watase walked over to Fujiko's side, shaking her shoulders vigorously. There was a red mark around her neck, which must have been caused by something being strangled.
[2203]Please, please, you have to live. Please, please.
[2204]He put his ear to her chest to listen to her heartbeat, but the sound of his own heartbeat was too loud to hear anything. He felt a slight vibration with his fingers on her neck's pulse.
[2205]“Wake up, wake up, Fujiko! Please wake up quickly!”
[2206]The eyelids of the fragrance slowly twitched, and her eyes opened slightly. After a while, she regained her usual vigor.
[2207]"Mr. Tsubaki…"
[2208]"Yes, it's me."
[2209]The fragrance hugged Tsubaki's neck with both hands, tightly embracing him in his arms. Tsubaki also relaxed his restraint, hugging her naturally, as if he were picking her up.
[2210]"That's great." He said.
[2211] Yūn sobbed uncontrollably, as if something was bursting from the depths of her throat, and she coughed violently. Her small shoulders shook continuously.
[2212] "It's great…" Saitō repeated, and he found himself crying along with her.
[2213] 9:11:15 PM on the 28th – Ren
[2214] Ren was thoroughly confused. Why did the woman start resisting again at the last moment? She had come there for me to love her, so why did this happen? And why did that guy suddenly come out in the middle?
[2215] Why?
[2216] How did I fall in love with such a woman?
[2217] Countless questions filled Shoju Nen's mind. Why? Why? Why?
[2218] Rushing out of the emergency exit, he hurried to the nearest Chiyoda Line Nihonbashi Station and was fortunate enough to catch the train that had just arrived and was heading home.
[2219] Why did I choose them? Why?
[2220] Yes, they were all beautiful. Men without discernment might find their appearance ordinary, but they radiated brilliance. Their fair skin, plump breasts, slender waists, and refined faces… they were truly close to true beauty.
[2221] As he was about to take this woman named Yuzu to heaven, in an instant, he glimpsed the truth of life.
[2222] I should love a different woman. Who should I love? Who should I love?
[2223] As he pondered the answer to this question, the man suddenly burst into the room to stop him.
[2224] "Take your hands off her."
[2225] "…Why are you…here?" Puzhenin stared blankly at the man and clutched the belt wrapped around Yuzu's neck.
[2226] "You're sick, sick. — Let her go!"
[2227] Sick? I'm sick? You don't know anything! I'm just climbing the ladder of true love that no one knows about.
[2228] However, even if I explain this to him, he won't understand. This kind of truth can only be understood by a few people like me who have been chosen. Although I don't want to do this, since things have come to this, I have to kill you.
[2229] He pretended to listen to his advice and got off the bed, quickly reaching into his bag and taking out a kitchen knife wrapped in a towel. He rushed towards the man, who was shocked, and the knife stabbed into the man's stomach near the abdomen. Pusenren almost didn't get any blood on him.
[2230] At this time, some details that Pusenren had not paid much attention to began to weave together in his mind, and the truth of the matter began to gradually emerge.
[2231] The two black plastic bags that disappeared from the yard; the camera with the tape recorder was put somewhere in the TV cabinet by someone; the feeling of being constantly watched by someone.
[2232] Everything I've done has been discovered.
[2233] All of this.
[2234] Is it all over now? In the end, can I still not complete my exploration?
[2235] "Love", you elusive beast, I thought I had found you, but you slipped away from my fingers in the end. Can I never have you in the end?
[2236] Who should I really love? Who is the one I am meant to love?
[2237] Jang Teng Zazhi, Kiriwa, Min, Mika, and Fumiko. Why did they choose me?
[2238] Because they were so similar... They were all so similar... to myself, to the me who was once praised as "so cute". And they were also similar to my mother.
[2239] I will find someone who looks like you to love.
[2240] Memories exploded like flashes in the depths of my mind.
[2241] He loved his mother dearly, loving her from the bottom of his heart. One night, he woke up to urinate and happened to see his father mistreating his mother. He buried his face between his mother's legs, causing her to cry. However, his mother did not resist and allowed his father to mistreat her.
[2242] The next day, he panicked when he saw his sleeping mother. He had not touched her snow-white legs for a long time. He quietly lifted her skirt and tried to pull her panties down to her thighs. This way, he could find out what his father had done the night before.
[2243] But just then, his father entered the room, enraged and cursing "you little pervert" and "you sick bastard". He did not understand the meaning of these words, but his father still beat him and even his mother, who had been awakened by the commotion.
[2244] Fear, shame, and regret intertwined in Bole Gen's heart, and he could not help but break down in tears.
[2245] Today, he recalled all of this, as if he had returned to that time.
[2246] Mother.
[2247] Mother.
[2248] The mother who should have loved me, why did she allow that man to do whatever he wanted? That guy was just a man who defiled your beautiful body and made you cry.
[2249] But now, I won't be confused anymore.
[2250] Mother is mine.
[2251] Mom, wait for me. I'm coming.
[2252] 10 28th night at 11:25 pm Taki
[2253] Taki could not figure out what happened in the room. He didn't have a chance to ask for the details of the incident. However, now, it doesn't matter anymore. Fumiyuki is still alive, although he was in danger, he managed to save Fumiyuki's life.
[2254] Taki couldn't save Mei and Minako's lives before this, he only saved Fumiyuki. But that was enough for Taki.
[2255] Taki sat by the bedside, allowing Fumiyuki to hold his left arm and rest her head on his shoulder. Fumiyuki remained with her eyes closed, and her body trembled slightly as it gradually became calm. However, that may have been Taki's own body shaking. Taki's heart and breathing, which had been racing due to his all-out sprint, gradually became steady. It seems that he will not die from a burst blood vessel now.
[2256] That was enough. That was enough.
[2257] Taki repeated this phrase to himself over and over again.
[2258] Thanks to Wilder's rush from the search headquarters, Taki was spared the task of recounting the scene to the police. However, he was not allowed to accompany Fuyu in the ambulance. As Fuyu was being carried out on a stretcher, Taki saw her nodding at him.
[2259] "I'll come to see you soon," Taki said.
[2260] Fuyu's face, which was pale, showed a faint smile upon hearing Taki's words. After Fuyu was taken away in the ambulance, Taki suddenly collapsed onto the bed, exhausted.
[2261] Naito glanced at the flashing cameras in the room and said to Hayashi, "Do you know how reckless your actions were?"
[2262] "Hmm…"
[2263] Although his breathing had calmed down, Hayashi noticed that his hands were trembling unconsciously.
[2264] I almost, almost killed another woman again.
[2265] Hayashi kept blaming himself in his mind, but Naito seemed to have no intention of scolding him further.
[2266] "By the way, what happened here? Did you kill this guy…"
[2267] "No, it's not like that. I arrived here and the guy was already dead."
[2268] "…So, was it her?"
[2269] Takahashi frantically recalled the situation at the scene and carefully examined the possibility of Fujiko killing the killer.
[2270] "It shouldn't have been her. I arrived at the scene and she was already unconscious... Could it be that the killer had a sudden epiphany and committed suicide?"
[2271] "That's impossible. Look, there are signs of a struggle at the scene! – Fine, I'll ask Miss Shima about it later. For now, please come with us for a statement."
[2272] Taki wanted to say, "I'm too tired today, let me go home first," but he knew that the statement was inevitable. In fact, he was so tired that he didn't even have the confidence to stand up.
[2273] "…Okay."
[2274] Reluctantly, Taki got up.
[2275] The two of them walked out of the hotel together, where a few people were standing around watching the commotion. Some couples trying to sneak out of the hotel were stopped by the police. They were probably couples having an affair, afraid that their secret would be exposed.
[2276] At this moment, Kikuchi suddenly saw the middle-aged woman who had asked him for directions wearing sunglasses. She looked dejected and sat slumped on the road.
[2277] Kikuchi had already forgotten her unusual attire and asking for directions, but now he remembered everything.
[2278] This woman must have some connection to the case.
[2279] He gave a signal to Inoue to wait a moment, and then walked straight up to the woman.
[2280] "....Hello, what's wrong?"
[2281] The middle-aged woman slowly lifted her head.
[2282] "Is something wrong…inside?"
[2283] "Oh, there's a dead man inside. I think he's…the killer."
[2284] Taki's words were not yet finished when the woman began to wail loudly.
[2285] Naito then approached and gave Taki a subtle nod, indicating for him to explain.
[2286] "This woman... probably has some connection to the killer," Higuchi can only respond vaguely.
[2287] Nobunaga approaches the woman sitting on the sidewalk and places his hand on her shoulder, asking, "Tell me your name. Do you know the killer?"
[2288] The woman shakes her head and does not respond, only continuing to cry.
[2289] "I can't get anything out of her, oh well, but we can't just leave her here... let's get her in the car first, come help me."
[2290] Nobunaga extends his hand to her armpit and drags her up, while Higuchi grabs her other arm. Together, they lift her into the police car. Nobunaga reaches down and picks up her dropped handbag, placing it in the car.
[2291] "Sorry, my apologies." Naito sits in the car and opens his handbag. The woman seems to be unaware and continues to cry. He rummages through it and takes out a wallet, pulling out several cards from it. The young uniformed police officer sitting in the driver's seat looks over at Naito.
[2292] Tsubota leans over and sees the cards in Naito's hand, which have "Kobayashi Yayuko" written in hiragana.
[2293] Kobayashi... Tsubota feels a chill run down his spine.
[2294] "She shares the same surname with the murderer."
[2295] Tsubota murmurs. The woman shudders and starts crying loudly again.
[2296] The two searched the contents of the handbag thoroughly, and they found a "customer receipt" from a department store in the bag. The name "Kawajiri Yaeko" was written in the "recipient" section, and the address was also noted as being in the Chiyoda district.
[2297] At this point, a stretcher was carried out from the hotel entrance. Natsume coughed a few times and said, "Excuse me, madam, the body... the deceased... Could you please confirm it for me?"
[2298] The woman suddenly lifted her head, her face contorted in a mad look, and looked around frantically. She finally saw the stretcher and couldn't make a sound despite her throat moving. Takeda, who was sitting on the sidewalk, opened the door and got out first, and the woman stumbled out and ran towards the stretcher.
[2299] "You guys, let her identify the body!" Natsume shouted, and the people carrying the stretcher stopped. They lifted the blanket covering the body to let the woman see it. The woman seemed about to fall but held onto the stretcher tightly and burst into tears again.
[2300] Takeda walked up from behind her and put his hand on her shoulder, asking, "Is this your son?"
[2301] The woman nodded several times, but didn't speak.
[2302] Saitō walked over to Watanabe and said, "She seems to be the mother of the murderer. She's in no condition to be questioned today. Are you heading back to the police station in Setagaya? You can take her home on the way. If there are other people at her house, you can ask them as well."
[2303] Watanabe was quite displeased with Saitō's interference, a hint of annoyance appearing on his face.
[2304] "I'm sorry, but I can't leave here yet - Saitō-san, if you're willing to take her home, I'll probably be back at the investigation headquarters by the time you get there."
[2305] "I'm fine with that."
[2306] Naito nodded slightly and told the patrol car officer to drive the woman back to her home in Nakano and then take Iwakura back to the investigation headquarters for a statement.
[2307] The woman got into the car, and Iwakura sat next to her.
[2308] The patrol car slowly drove towards Nakano district.
[2309] 11:29 a.m. – September 29th
[2310] By the time Genjiro Nakano returned home, it was already 1 a.m. in the morning.
[2311] Aya has probably fallen asleep already. It doesn't matter if she's awake. What about Mom? Has she gone to sleep already? Or does she know I'll be back and is waiting for me?
[2312] He left the bag with the camera and CD player at the hotel, but he no longer needs those things now.
[2313] If I could truly experience love, those things would have no meaning to me. Besides, I've memorized the song, so it doesn't matter if I don't have the CD player.
[2314] Mom, I'm coming.
[2315] 12:29:30 p.m. on December 29th - Hayashi
[2316] Fujiko Yaeko has been silent since getting in the car and hasn't cried. She just sits there, staring blankly upward with her mouth slightly open and motionless. Perhaps the death of her son has hit her too hard. However, why has this woman been asking about that hotel? Does she have some kind of premonition about her son's murder?
[2317] Taki gave up trying to get information from her and started worrying about Yuzu, who should be in the hospital. Although he had scared Yuzu by telling her about encountering the killer, he never imagined that Yuzu would be in such a dangerous situation.
[2318] If Yuzu died... If she really died...
[2319] Taki shudders at the thought. If things had gone that far, he wouldn't be able to repay their lives even if he was killed a million times.
[2320] The patrol car drives into the Midori district. The young officer driving seems unfamiliar with the area, constantly looking at the map and checking nearby buildings as he slowly drives forward.
[2321] Fukushima Yasuko's expression changed slightly as she saw a familiar street. She rested her hand on the back of the driver's seat and spoke in a calm, chilling tone: "Driver, can you stop a little ahead? I'm getting off here."
[2322] The officer, referred to as "driver" by Fukushima, looked back at Takeda, who nodded in agreement.
[2323] "Fukushima-san, I understand that you've been through a lot today, but could you please explain the events to us?"
[2324] "What events? I need to get home and prepare dinner. Everyone is waiting for me."
[2325] "What do you mean, dinner? You...
[2326] Tsubasa was about to question her, but in the darkness, he saw her pupils were already empty. Tsubasa couldn't tell if she was simply traumatized or had gone insane. All he could be sure of was that the woman's current state was definitely abnormal. She was completely denying what she had just seen. Tsubasa thought that in order for her to cooperate with the police investigation, he would need to seek the help of a psychiatrist. He had already considered this situation as his own work.
[2327] As the patrol car stopped at the fourth intersection in the neighborhood, Fujiko-san took her wallet out of her handbag - Tsubasa had already put it back.
[2328] "Driver, how much is it?"
[2329] "Oh... Never mind, I'll pay for it. You don't have to."
[2330] "Ah, I see. Thank you."
[2331] Kato opened the door and helped Yoko out of the car.
[2332] She walked away without looking back, entering the gate of a house. Kato signaled the officers to wait there and rushed after her.
[2333] The sky was dark, and Kato could only vaguely see Yoko enter an ordinary two-story house. The entrance light and door light were not turned on, but a light shone from one of the windows on the second floor. Probably someone in the house was still awake. The wooden nameplate by the door had two large characters "Polegen" written with a brush. It seemed that even when someone's mind becomes abnormal, they won't get lost at the door. This is probably the same as when someone who has had too much to drink won't get lost at the door, Kato thought.
[2334] Yoko didn't ring the doorbell and took out the key to open the door.
[2335] "Please wait, ma'am..."
[2336]Hikaru called out to her, but it was too late. Yoko had already slipped into the entrance and locked the door behind her. Hikaru hurriedly stepped onto the concrete steps leading to the door, but heard the door lock click shut as he did so. He tried to pull the door, but it was locked and wouldn't budge.
[2337] "Mrs. Yoko! Mrs. Yoko! I have something to tell you. Can you open the door for me?"
[2338] From the other side of the door, Hikaru heard Yoko slip off her shoes and head upstairs. It seemed she didn't take his words seriously. If only someone else in the house was awake to open the door for him.
[2339] Hikaru pulled at the door, but there was nothing he could do. He turned around and reached for the doorbell on the doorpost. Just as he did, a loud, long scream echoed overhead.
[2340] It was a woman's scream, a long and piercing sound that echoed through the quiet night.
[2341] The patrolling car, which was slowly backing up, immediately stopped in front of the door. The young officer looked over here, wondering what was going on.
[2342] "We have to go in! Help me out here!"
[2343] The young officer reluctantly got out of the car, grumbling, "This isn't our jurisdiction. We should contact them..."
[2344] "You damn fool! The situation is urgent! We don't know what's happening inside!"
[2345] "Even so... isn't the killer already dead?"
[2346] Although the young officer said this, he had heard the scream, so he used his baton to break the glass of the sliding door and carefully unlocked it. Tachibana opened the door and rushed in, while the young officer drew his gun, cautiously moving forward step by step while keeping an eye on the situation inside.
[2347] "Be careful not to shoot me."
[2348] Tachibana looked surprised and then took off his shoes to enter the house.
[2349] "Is everything alright? Where are you, ma'am?"
[2350] The house was pitch black, and they could only hear each other's rapid breathing. Tachibana observed the surroundings and noticed that there was a staircase leading directly to the second floor in the entrance hall. There was a faint light coming from the second floor, and the scream had also come from there. Regardless of what happened, something must have happened in the second floor of this house. Tachibana gestured to the young officer to follow, and they began to climb the wooden stairs, which creaked with each step.
[2351] Could there be something dangerous waiting for them up there? And something so dangerous that it required the use of a gun?
[2352] How could that be? The serial killer should have been dead already. Even if he wasn't, most sexually sadistic criminals don't have the courage to resist the police.
[2353] As soon as Hikari reached the second floor, he heard a woman sobbing. He saw a sliding paper door at the end of the corridor, and the woman who had just been crying was sitting slumped against the door, facing away from him. Hikari nodded to the policeman following him and approached the sliding paper door slowly on his knees.
[2354] Finally, he saw the situation inside the room. It was a six-tatami-mat-sized Japanese-style room, with a hanging scroll of landscape painting on the right alcove, and a vase with a flower arrangement. The paper shoji window was open, and there was a gap of about a board's width between the shoji window and the aluminum window outside. The room had a TV and a cedarwood wardrobe, and there was a futon with a blanket about two tatami-mats wide. The blanket and quilt on the futon had been roughly pulled aside.
[2355] There was a man on the futon. And another woman.
[2356] The woman was naked, with a black belt deeply embedded in her skin. She was a very dignified woman, but her face had some wrinkles, and there were strands of white hair mixed in her hair. Her breasts, which were being rubbed by the man's face, hung limply on either side of her body, making it difficult to look at.
[2357] The man was naked, and he was happily pressing his body against the woman's – the woman's body had already lost its color and was turning blue – and passionately engaging in intercourse. It was unclear whether it was due to being too dazed or already being driven mad, but the man didn't seem to care about the people entering the room and continued to twist his hips.
[2358] The young police officer was so shocked by the scene that he took a few steps back and then vomited on the corridor.
[2359] Yoko, who was slumped against the door and moaning in pain, finally noticed Tsubaki and the young police officer. She looked at them with a look of despair and raised her head to look at them.
[2360] After a while, she couldn't help herself and covered her face with her hands, lying on the ground and wailing loudly. The naked man finally noticed the presence of several spectators in the room and turned his head to look at them.
[2361] "Oh, oh, my God! What have you done to Mom, husband!"
[2362] Yoko keeps crying and trembling all over.
[2363] March 30th morning headline:
[2364] "Professor suspected of murder arrested by the police - the homicide investigation headquarters of the hotel chain murder case arrested the suspected murderer of his mother, Professor Bessho Masako (65 years old) of the Department of Literature History of the Private East Asia University, Professor Bessho Toshiyuki (43 years old) at dawn yesterday.
[2365] "According to the investigation, the police are still unable to determine the motive of the suspect, but the investigation headquarters stated that the police are actively investigating the relationship between the suspect and the murder of his eldest son, Bessho Shinichi (20 years old), which occurred at midnight yesterday at a hotel in Aoyama, as well as the hotel chain murder case. In addition, it was reported that a case of murder of a female student of the East Asia Culture University last October...]
[2366] (End of article)
