[1] Bread Ransom
[2] Shintaro Sato stood in front of the rusty iron gate, sighing deeply.
[3] The winter sky was clear and transparent, but it couldn't ease the knot in his heart.
[4] In a quiet residential area of San-eki City, a cement wall covered in climbing ivy surrounded an area of about 1,000 square meters. Behind the rusty iron gate was a three-story building made of red bricks, over half a century old. On the pillar next to the door, the faded words "Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department Criminal Records Library" could be seen.
[5] Here, starting today, would be his workplace.
[6] "Starting next week, you will be officially transferred to the Criminal Records Library."
[7] "Criminal Records Library? Why?"
[8] "Why? Think about what you've done yourself."
[9] The conversation with the chief echoed in his mind, making him uncomfortable.
[10] He pressed the doorbell next to the gate, and a hoarse voice answered.
[11] - "Hello?"
[12] - "Hello, I am Detective Chief Saito, who is transferred here to work today."
[13] - "Ah, thank you for coming. I'll open the door for you."
[14] - The main entrance of the building opened, and an elderly man in a security guard uniform stepped out. He looked to be over 70 years old. Although he had a gentle expression of a grandfather playing with his grandchildren, his eyes were sharp. The security guard approached the iron gate, took out the key, and unlocked it. He pulled open the sliding door and led Saito inside.
[15] - "The director is waiting for you. Please follow me."
[16] Terada followed the security guard inside. Beyond the iron gate was a parking lot with four spaces, but only one old, rusty delivery truck was parked there.
[17] After climbing up five stone steps, they arrived at the front door of the building. The large wooden door was divided into several sections by grilles and had a tinge of brown glass. It was now somewhat faded.
[18] Upon entering the building, the light immediately grew dim, and the musty smell of an old building filled their nostrils. The wide corridor stretched straight ahead. Stains dotted the walls everywhere. Terada held his breath, but he could hear nothing. This was a stark contrast to his previous department, the investigation department.
[19] Turning right upon entering, they came to the security guard's room, while turning left led to the restroom. A middle-aged woman in cleaning clothes emerged from the restroom, carrying a bucket and a mop. She appeared to be around fifty years old and had curly hair.
[20] "You must be the new person assigned here. What a fine man you are! Tall and masculine. Just my type!"
[21] What's going on with this woman?
[22] "I'm Nakagawa Meikichi. The 'gu' in 'high' and the 'beautiful' in 'beauty' - Meikichi. Does it sound good to you? Remember it well."
[23] "Sure, Meikichi. My name is Terada Cong."
[24] "Nice names, both sound like a handsome man."
[25] Meikichi Nakagawa fumbled in her waist pouch and said enthusiastically, "Here, have some candy!" She still had her rubber gloves on from when she was cleaning. Cong politely declined. The elderly security guard watched the scene with a wry smile.
[26] At the end of the corridor, there was a room with a "Director's Room" plaque. The two came to the door, and the old guard knocked. A low "Come in" was heard from inside. Satoru said "Excuse me" and went in.
[27] The director's room was about eight tatami mats in size. There were windows on the front and left walls, but they were covered tightly with curtains. The remaining sides were tall bookshelves filled with various documents. In the center of the room was a black sandalwood desk. Facing the door, a woman was sitting and reading.
[28] - Snow woman.
[29] A sudden association occurred in the mind. Was it because she was wearing a white dress? Or was it because of her almost pale, bloodless skin and her seductive black hair? Or was it the illusion brought about by her expressionless face that couldn't be read?
[30] The woman lifted her rimless glasses and looked straight at Satoru. Her long eyelashes and delicate double eyelid makeup adorned her large pupils, as if she might be sucked in at any moment.
[31] "I am Chief Inspector Tsubaki Smartly, who was assigned here today. Please take care of me."
[32] Smartly dispels the illusions and introduces himself loudly.
[33] "Reiko Shirogane. I am the director here. Welcome."
[34] The woman's face shows no signs of a smile, and her voice is cold. She returns her gaze to the book in front of her.
[35] "I was previously with the First Investigation Division. This is my first time handling evidence storage. Although I may have many shortcomings, I will do my best to work."
[36] Saito spoke insincerely.
[37] Rinko Miyabi showed no reaction and continued to read silently.
[38] The room was filled with awkward silence. In such a situation, a typical boss would say something encouraging like "Good luck."
[39] "Um, is there anything I need to do today?"
[40] "I have a question for you."
[41] The red-haired girl's gaze finally left the book.
[42] "A question?"
[43] "Which hand did the janitor give you the candy with? Your left or your right?"
[44] "——What?"
[45] An unexpected question came her way. What did she want to ask? Was she playing a prank? But the red-haired girl's cold, pale face showed no hint of a smile.
[46] "Left or right? Which one?"
[47] The librarian asked again. Even though Hui was very confused, she decided to search for an answer in her memories.
[48] "Left."
[49] "What color was the candy wrapper?"
[50] "Purple."
[51] "How many times did the guard knock on this room's door?"
[52] "Three times."
[53] Chong suddenly realized that this was a test of his observation skills. It seemed that the librarian had given the guard and the janitor instructions beforehand, such as "I hope you will do this and that."
[54] The librarian's red lips twisted slightly. It might have been a smile.
[55] "Congratulations - welcome to the 'Red Museum'."
[56] The Police Records Museum - commonly known as the "Red Museum" - is an annex of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department located in the city of Chiyoda. Its role is to receive and store various evidence and investigation materials (weapons, remains, etc.) and investigation records from police stations in the jurisdiction of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department after a certain period of time has elapsed, for the purpose of investigation, research and training of investigators. It was modeled after the London Police Museum - commonly known as the "Black Museum" - and established in 1956. However, unlike its renowned counterpart around the world, the "Red Museum" has become a mere large warehouse, despite its flag of "investigation, research, and education." It has only two formal employees: the director and the director's assistant. In a nutshell, it is a sinecure.
[57] As a member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, Ke had also heard of the name of the Police Records Museum. However, he thought that it had nothing to do with him, who was working for the highly regarded Investigation Department, and never paid any attention to it. He never thought that his life would be connected to the Police Records Museum - until last Friday.
[58] Three weeks ago, Ke made a big mistake. While searching the residence of a suspect in a robbery and assault case, he left the investigation materials he was carrying on the scene. The woman who lived with the suspect took a photo of the contents of the investigation materials with her mobile phone and posted it on the internet. The police who noticed this immediately contacted the network provider and deleted the photo, but the photo had already spread on the internet.
[59] For these three weeks, Ke was on edge. While his colleagues went to the search site, he was the only one ordered to stay at headquarters to organize documents. He was excluded from all search tasks. Then, last Friday, he was summoned by the director of the Third Major Crimes Investigation Department.
[60] - "Starting next week, you will be officially transferred to the Police Records Museum."
[61] --- "Why? What's the reason?"
[62] --- "What's the reason? Think about what you've done."
[63] --- "Please, give me another chance."
[64] --- "Chance? What a joke."
[65] Chief Tomita, the head of the Third Violent Crimes Investigation Department, glared at Ichiro.
[66] - "Because of your behavior, the entire police department has been criticized by the media. All the staff members are ashamed of you. You are not needed in the Investigation Section."
[67] Kudo was devastated by shock and humiliation. He had entered the police force to become a detective, not to be a logistician. However, no matter how he protested, the inspector dismissed him with a cold "It's already decided." All the Investigation Section members wore a badge with "S1S" on their lapels, which stood for "Search 1 Select," representing their identity as Investigation Section members. Kudo reluctantly handed over his treasured badge to the inspector, leaving the Investigation Section under the pitying gaze of his colleagues.
[68] Kudo thought of quitting, but he realized that being a detective was his calling. He decided to go to the evidence and investigation records storage on Monday. He told himself that someday, he would return to the Investigation Section - or at least to the investigation section of a precinct - and that he would definitely return to the investigation field.
[69] After saying "Welcome to the 'Red Museum'," Riburu Tsukiyomi said, "Follow me," and walked quickly out. The hem of her white dress revealed her slender legs. She walked quickly, and Kudo had to hurry to catch up. She was about 1.6 meters tall, but her slim figure made her seem taller than she actually was.
[70] The museum had seven rooms for storing evidence and two rooms for storing investigation records. The evidence storage room had many metal shelves with plastic storage boxes on them. Inside the boxes were polyethylene bags containing evidence. Each box was labeled with the case name and type. Usually, one box corresponds to one case, but some large cases used more than ten boxes. If the evidence was too large to fit in the boxes, it was placed directly on the shelves. When Kudo saw the evidence from the three-billion yen case, he was moved. The museum had collected evidence from all cases that occurred in Tokyo since its official establishment in 1956, with over 100,000 pieces of evidence.
[71] The environment in the storage room is very comfortable. After inquiring, he found out that the temperature is set to 22 degrees Celsius and the humidity to 55% all year round, which is the ideal environment for preserving evidence.
[72] "So, what specific tasks are involved in preserving and managing evidence?"
[73] "Sticking labels."
[74] "Sticking labels?"
[75] "Now, in order to manage the evidence more conveniently, we need to build a system that can display evidence-related information on a computer by scanning the QR code label on the evidence bag. Do you know CCRS?"
[76] Tomoe nodded in response. CCRS stands for Criminal Case Retrieval System, which is an abbreviation for the Criminal Case Retrieval System. After the war, the Metropolitan Police Department logged all criminal cases that occurred within the jurisdiction into this system. This includes basic information such as case name, date and time of occurrence, location, victim's name (including the cause of death in homicide cases), method of crime, and the name of the perpetrator. The case name is based on the name used when the investigation department was established. Each police station and research institution within the Metropolitan Police Department's jurisdiction has terminals that can search for this information.
[77] "The database we are building here is based on CCRS. We hope you can be responsible for labeling and data entry. There is an assistant room next to the director's office where you can use the computer."
[78] "I understand."
[79] Is it really just this monotonous work? Tomoe wanted to leave the library right away, but he remembered his vow to "definitely return to the investigation field" and endured it.
[80] "From now on, please wear white clothes while working to prevent any substances attached to your clothes from contaminating the evidence. Please understand."
[81] Xiaoqiang thinks, "Please spare me." There are only two librarians, and they are dressing up as doctors? Is this cosplay?
[82] Thus, Xiaoqiang's career at the "Red Museum" officially began.
[83] Move the storage box corresponding to a case from the storage room to the assistant room, put the QR code label on the evidence bag one by one, and match the case information sent by the library director through email with the QR code. After completing all these, move the storage box back to the storage room and bring in the next case's storage box... Every day is just repeating this process.
[84] Xiaoqiang starts work at 9 am and leaves at 5:30 pm without overtime. This is a stark contrast to his previous life in the Investigation Department, where he had to gather and work tirelessly around the clock whenever an incident occurred, often staying overnight at the police station. His life has taken a complete 180-degree turn.
[85] Every morning at 9 am, when Xiaoqiang arrives at the library, Qisuzi is already at work. When Xiaoqiang leaves at 5:30 pm, she is still working. So, he has never seen her in anything other than her white clothes. Is it really necessary to work so hard on such a simple task of preserving evidence? Xiaoqiang is puzzled and observes her for a while. He finds that she reads every piece of investigation material related to each case very carefully, from beginning to end, without letting up. While reading the investigation material is indeed necessary to summarize the case outline, her reading method has far exceeded the necessary level. Can she find any joy in reading those boring investigation materials? What is she thinking about?
[86] Hibikagawa Tsukiko is not the type to talk a lot. She only says the minimum necessary words. When talking to her, she often ignores what is being said and continues to read. Zhao Xiang talks to the janitor Nakagawa Meiko and the guard Oyama Koujiro more often. Moreover, Hibikagawa Tsukiko never smiles, always cold and expressionless. It seems that the muscles of her face do not have the ability to smile.
[87] One day, Zhao Xiang asked Nakagawa Meiko, who always gives him candies, about the director.
[88] "She is an elite. She is a police inspector."
[89] "——Is she an elite?"
[90] Zhao Xiang was shocked. The so-called "elite" who entered the Police Agency through the National Civil Servant Type I Examination (changed to the Comprehensive Professional Examination since 2012) are the truly elite group of the 250,000 police officers nationwide, with only 500 or so. They are granted the rank of police inspector upon entry. After four years – now seven years after the reform – they automatically advance to the rank of police inspector. After a few years of tenure, they can hold important positions in various places, which Zhao Xiang, a grassroots officer, can only dream of. Elite officers are more like police bureaucrats than police officers. Just as the grassroots officers are responsible for crime scene-related work, the duties of the elite officers are mainly related to the organization and management of the police. It is hard to imagine that an elite officer would hold such a leisurely position as the director of the crime evidence library.
[91] "If she's an elite, why is she here as the director?"
[92] "What do you mean 'here'? The Crime Data Museum is quite impressive, you know."
[93] Meiko puffed up her cheeks.
[94] "Ah, you're right. Sorry. But, an Inspector with an elite rank can be a chief assistant in the Police Agency, serve as a chief in a prefectural police station, or even hold the position of a chief in a small-scale police station. It's quite rare for an elite member to be the director of the Crime Data Museum, isn't it?"
[95] "Is that so? I don't really understand that. But the director has been here for eight years."
[96] "Eight years?"
[97] Gen was shocked again. It was almost impossible for an elite to remain in the same position for such a long time. Could it be because Shiroki's performance was really poor? Thinking about her poor communication skills, this guess was not entirely unfounded.
[98] "I've been working here as a cleaner for three years. The first time I met the director, I asked her how long she had been here, and she told me it was five years. I felt so lucky when I met the director."
[99] Lucky?
[100] "Because, you know, the director is a beautiful woman, isn't she?"
[101] "Yes."
[102] "Working under such a beauty, isn't it wonderful?"
[103] "Yes."
[104] "Although she doesn't talk much and isn't very friendly, doesn't she have a kind of... an ice queen vibe? I'm quite envious of that."
[105] "Yes."
[106] "It's certain that a snow woman is a kind of existence that no one would want to meet, even if she is beautiful."
[107] "By the way, what kind of person was my predecessor?"
[108] "Not very capable, always sleeping or slacking off, not very serious. Quit after less than half a year."
[109] "What about the one before that?"
[110] "Seems like she came from the Oyama Police Station. Quite capable, but only stayed for about half a year before quitting."
[111] It must be because the work of managing evidence is both tedious and uninteresting, and on top of that, there's a leader with zero communication skills and an unpleasant demeanor. That's definitely the case. Is it possible that the police department is transferring employees they want to let go to this place, just like the "forced retirement department" that's been making headlines recently? Is the director not being transferred because he's an indispensable prop, even though he's part of the elite group and hasn't been transferred in eight years? As he thinks about the future, Ken's mood darkens.
[112] Evidence is only collected by the Crime Materials Museum after a certain period of time has passed since the crime occurred. For murder cases, this "certain period of time" is fifteen years. This is because, before the criminal procedure law reform in 2005, the statute of limitations for murder was exactly fifteen years. In other words, once the statute of limitations is established, the relevant evidence is handed over to the Crime Materials Museum for safekeeping. Although the statute of limitations for murder was extended to twenty-five years by the criminal procedure law reform in 2005, and the draft criminal procedure law amendment in 2010 even abolished the statute of limitations for murder, the Crime Materials Museum still adheres to the rule of keeping relevant evidence for fifteen years after a murder case, without making any changes.
[113] Evidence was originally stored in each district police station and collected by the Crime Materials Museum. This task also fell on Ken's shoulders.
[114] On the morning of February 25th, just a month after being transferred, Ken drove a dilapidated cargo van to the Atsugi Police Station to collect the evidence from a murder case fifteen years ago. This cargo van is the only vehicle owned by the Crime Materials Museum.
[115] The Atsugi Police Station is located at 3 Chome, Atsugi, Atsugi City. After parking the cargo van in the parking lot, Ken went to the first floor reception area and informed them, "I'm from the Crime Materials Museum." After meeting with the police officer in charge of the evidence storage, he took over the relevant evidence from him. At the same time, he also obtained the investigation records of the case.
[116] A jacket, suit, shirt, underwear, shoes, socks, gloves, glasses, facemask, bloody knife, suitcase, and needles - all packed in polyethylene bags. These are the evidence from the 1998 case of the Middle Island Bread Co., Ltd. Threat and murder of the president. Although Ming was still a middle school student at the time, he could still remember the continuous reporting of this case by the media.
[117] After returning to the Crime Materials Museum's parking lot, Hibikiko came out. Ming and Hibikiko together took the evidence from the delivery truck and put it on a hand cart, and transported it to the first-floor assistant room, where it was displayed on the worktable. Hibikiko put on gloves and began to confirm each piece of evidence, one by one. A faint blush appeared on her pale face. This emotionally detached librarian only felt a slight excitement in this moment.
[118] First was the clothing of the deceased president. A green camouflage jacket, inside was black, which looked like a double-sided jacket that could be worn on both sides. An Armani dark brown suit. Cotton white shirt and cotton white underwear. The clothes were fashionable, but all of them were stained with dried blood. John Lobb black gentleman shoes. White socks. Leather gloves. GUCCI glasses. A stereoscopic mask, presumably used to prevent hay fever. Next was a hard aluminum suitcase from ZERO Halliburton, which the president used to transport cash. A knife with blood on it. The blade was about twelve to thirteen centimeters long. Finally, there were about ten needles bundled with rubber bands, which were put into the bread produced by the victim's company.
[119] Suddenly, the librarian's hand stopped. Ming noticed that her sharp gaze was fixed on the evidence, but he couldn't tell which one she was looking at.
[120] "How much do you know about this case?"
[121] "Just a little... I roughly learned about this case in police school. It's one of the major corporate intimidation cases next to the Glico Glico case."
[122] "Read the investigation records carefully and grasp the specific situation of this case by tomorrow. You can put off the labeling and information input work for today."
[123] "Tomorrow? Why?"
[124] Hibiki Shiroi didn't answer and just kept staring at the evidence in front of her. It seemed that there was no way to ask anything. Kou sighed and picked up the investigation records.
[125] Back in the assistant room, Kou began to read the investigation records.
[126] The case occurred in February 1998.
[127] The target of the crime was the listed company on the Tokyo Stock Exchange - Nishijima Bread Co., Ltd. With an annual sales of 620 billion yen and over 17,000 employees, it was a leading company in the industry.
[128] From February 1st to February 8th, various supermarkets in Tokyo discovered steel needles in the products of Nishijima Bread Co., Ltd., with a total of 14 reports received. This incident was widely reported by the media, and the sales of Nishijima Bread plummeted. On February 10th, the company received a package. The envelope had the printed font "Nishijima Bread Co., Ltd. Personal Delivery" on it, without the name of the sender. The secretary who opened the envelope turned pale after reading the letter. It was a threatening letter.
[129] If you don't want your bread to be put in steel needles again, please pay 500 million yen——
[130] The threatening letter wrote so, but did not specify the specific way of handover. The president immediately decided to report to the police. Since the company was located in front of the Shinagawa Station, it belonged to the jurisdiction of the Shinagawa Police Station, and the investigation headquarters was set up in the Shinagawa Police Station. The Special Criminal Investigation Department of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department also dispatched a special investigation team specializing in kidnapping, abduction, and corporate intimidation cases to provide support.
[131] The letters and envelopes had been printed using a common typewriter, making it difficult to trace the specific buyer. There were no fingerprints left on the letters or envelopes.
[132] Middle Island Bread Co., Ltd. held an emergency board meeting and unanimously agreed to pay the 500 million yen ransom. Although Middle Island Bread Co., Ltd. was a listed company on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, it was a typical family business, with President Nakajima Hiroto being the third-generation head, and Takayama Yusuke, his cousin, serving as Vice President. It was reported that the two had severe disagreements, and the company was divided into the president's faction and the vice president's faction. Despite this, they made the same decision regarding the ransom payment. This incident had already caused the company billions of yen in losses, and they could not afford to suspend sales and recall products.
[133] Considering that the perpetrator might contact the company via phone, the police installed recording devices on the home phones of the company's top executives, including the president, in order to trace the perpetrator's location through NTT (Japan Telecommunications Company). However, the perpetrator may have anticipated this, as no calls were made.
[134] Then, on February 18th, the company received a second threatening letter.
[135] Put the money in a suitcase. On Saturday, February 21st, at 7 pm, the president personally drove with the suitcase, heading north from the first Kyushu. The subsequent destination was to be indicated later –
[136] The second threatening letter used the same envelope and paper as the first one, and the typewriter was the same model. There were no fingerprints found.
[137] Although it said "awaiting further instructions," three days passed without the suspect contacting the company. On the evening of February 21, at 7 pm, the president put the suitcase containing 500 million yen in cash into his Lexus and left his residence in the Shinagawa district.
[138] A miniature microphone was installed under the collar of Nakajima's president, allowing investigators to hear the conversation when meeting or talking on the phone with the suspect. However, the microwave's signal was very weak, with a range of only a few meters. An undercover officer was placed under the rear seat of the Lexus to listen to the conversation through a headset and relay it to the search headquarters via a portable two-way radio.
[139] After Nakajima's president's Lexus left his home, the tracking team also set out, following the Lexus. The tracking vehicles were carefully disguised and did not appear to be police vehicles.
[140] At 7:10 pm, Nakajima's president's cell phone suddenly rang.
[141] "What should we do?"
[142] Mr. Nakajima asked the investigator lying under the rear seat.
[143] "Probably the perpetrator. Park the car on the side of the road and answer the phone," the investigator replied.
[144] Mr. Nakajima picked up the phone, and it was indeed the perpetrator on the other end.
[145] As expected, it was the perpetrator.
[146] "Reach the city hall of Matsuyama City, Chiba Prefecture by 8:10."
[147] The high-pitched voice, which sounded like it was altered with helium, gave the instructions and then hung up.
[148] The investigator immediately reported the conversation through the wireless radio. Upon hearing this, the investigation headquarters significantly narrowed down the possible suspects. The fact that the culprit knew the president's personal mobile number indicated that he was someone close to the president, and his deliberate voice alteration confirmed this.
[149] The Lexus followed the culprit's instructions to Matsuyama City. The tracking team switched to other vehicles and continued to follow.
[150] At 8:02 pm, the car arrived at the city hall of Matsuyama City. Then at 8:10 pm, the culprit made a second call to the president's mobile phone.
[151] "I'll tell you the final destination. Cross the Handa Bridge, take Prefectural Route 8 south, turn left at the Daidai intersection onto National Route 16, and then turn left at the third intersection. Drive a little further and you'll see an abandoned house on the right. Go in."
[152] The phone call ended at this point. Upon receiving a report from the investigator hiding in the back seat, the investigation headquarters became tense and began searching for the destination on the map, while instructing the members of the on-site surveillance group to hurry to the destination for investigation.
[153] The president started the Lexus. At 8:20 p.m., the president's mobile phone rang again. He pulled over to the side of the road and answered the call.
[154] "The five billion yen in cash, is it really brought over?"
[155] The high-pitched voice asked.
[156] "Of course. I wouldn't joke about the livelihoods of the 17,000 people in the company."
[157] "Good, bring it over."
[158] The phone call ended.
[159] At 8:30 pm, the Lexus arrived at the designated abandoned house. The house was separated from the road by a field, about 20 meters away. A two-story house built on a hill, it appeared to be over half a century old. Surrounded by vast fields and forests, with scattered houses here and there, it was virtually uninhabited.
[160] At this time, two searchers from the on-site monitoring group were lying in wait near the abandoned house, keeping an eye on any movement around them.
[161] "…I'll go now."
[162] The president's voice trembled.
[163] "Please be careful. If anything happens, shout loudly. The abandoned house is 20 meters away, and although the signal of the miniature microphone won't reach, I'll definitely hear you if you shout loudly. And there are already searchers lying in wait nearby. We'll go to help you immediately, so please don't worry."
[164] "…Thank you."
[165] President Nakajima got out of the car, carrying a briefcase, and walked towards the field path. The searcher lying on the floor of the back seat quietly stuck his head out of the window and watched the president's back.
[166] It's finally time for the grand finale. The two members of the surveillance team at the scene, and the searcher in the back seat of the Lexus, all held their breath and anxiously watched the abandoned house.
[167] However, the president who entered the abandoned house did not come out. What happened in the abandoned house? With a distance of twenty meters, the signal from the mini-microphone could not be received. Although the president was advised to shout loudly if an emergency occurred, no sound was heard.
[168] The search headquarters was very anxious and wanted to order the searchers to enter the abandoned house to confirm the situation, but was afraid that it was a trap set by the culprit. For example, the culprit might have left a note in the house, asking the president to quietly stay in the abandoned house for a while. If the searchers were to enter the house rashly at this time, it would expose the fact that the police had intervened in the incident.
[169] After holding out for thirty minutes, the search headquarters finally couldn't hold back and ordered the three searchers on the scene to enter the abandoned house to confirm the situation. The two members of the on-site surveillance group who were hiding nearby entered the house first, and the searchers in the Lexus parked twenty meters away followed suit.
[170] On the floor of the abandoned house, a briefcase was clearly placed. The five billion yen in cash inside was not missing, but the president's whereabouts could not be found. There was no sound from the mini-microphone either. When the situation on the scene was reported, the search headquarters was in an uproar.
[171] After nearly thirty minutes of extensive search, it was finally determined that there was an air raid shelter nearby. One of the entrances was located just under a small hill in front of the back door of the abandoned house. The searchers opened the door to the entrance, which was pitch black inside. Turning on the flashlight, they found that it was an empty room of about ten square meters, and the president was not inside. At the opposite end of the entrance, there was a passage extending into the darkness. The searchers followed the passage and walked about ten meters before encountering another door. Opening the door revealed that they had already entered the woods. A two-lane road was nearby.
[172] The searchers searched for the president's whereabouts separately, but still found nothing. Did the criminal drive the president away in a car? The search headquarters had no idea about the existence of the air raid shelter and was fooled by the criminal.
[173] Will the criminal leave a note in the abandoned house, asking the president to go through the air raid shelter alone to the final destination? Considering that it was already late at night and the air raid shelter was pitch black, the criminal may have left a flashlight along with the note. Alternatively, the criminal may have entered the abandoned house and then went to the air raid shelter with the president. However, the reason why the five billion yen in cash was not taken away is quite puzzling.
[174] The search headquarters, with the assistance of the Chiba Prefectural Police, set up checkpoints along the suspicious two-lane road to question and investigate passing vehicles. However, no vehicle carrying Mr. Nakamura was found. Mr. Nakamura entered the abandoned house at 8:30 p.m., and the searchers did not discover the air raid shelter until 9:20 a.m., leaving enough time for the criminal to drive a considerable distance with the president. The likelihood of the criminal breaking through the interrogation net is very high.
[175] The case reached its worst outcome the following day. At around 6 p.m., the body of Mr. Nakamura, who was murdered, was found on the banks of the Arakawa River in the Futtsu district, thirty kilometers away from the abandoned house. A small knife had pierced his left chest. The estimated time of death was between 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. the previous night. There were not many bloodstains at the scene, and the distribution of lividity indicated that he was transported here after death.
[176] Finally, all the working hours were spent on this search report. Initially, Taka was a little absent-minded, but he became more and more engrossed in reading. He not only worked overtime but also took the report home to continue reading. After midnight, he finally mastered the entire content.
[177] The following morning, Taka arrived at work to find that Hibiki was already sitting in the director's office as usual. Without greeting him in the morning, she asked the first question: "Did you finish reading the search report?"
[178] "Yes, I did."
[179] "Did you memorize the main points of the case?"
[180] "I have a good grasp of it."
[181] "Tell me about it."
[182] The person talked about the case from the beginning to the point of finding the CEO's body. Crimson Shizuka listened silently without any expression.
[183] "So, what about the subsequent investigation?"
[184] "First, we investigated the abandoned house. It was a pre-war built villa, and it was still inhabited ten years ago. The air raid shelter was dug during the Pacific War. There were two entrances because the villa's owner at the time was worried that if there was only one entrance, it would be disastrous if the only entrance was destroyed during an air raid. The floor of the air raid shelter had traces of cleaning, and spider webs had been cleared. Since there were no footprints left, it is likely that the perpetrator had cleaned it up.
[185] "The perpetrator anticipated that the police would monitor the transaction site, so they chose this location. The abandoned house near the air raid shelter has two entrances, so no matter how the police monitor the abandoned house, they can escape through the air raid shelter with the cash undetected. Although we don't know the source of the perpetrator's information, it is clear that they knew about this place beforehand."
[186] "Regarding the reason for killing the president of the company, how did the investigation department think about it? Killing the president was not beneficial to the blackmailer at all. The president's death made the attitude of the Middle Island Bread Company instantaneously strong, refusing to trade with the blackmailer and suspending the payment of 500 million yen. Then, the blackmailer's crime went from blackmailing to murder, which was much worse. Why did the perpetrator still kill the president of the company?"
[187] "The investigation department initially believed that the president recognized the blackmailer's identity when he saw him. Then the blackmailer killed the president to keep him quiet. In this case, the murder was a sudden impulse rather than a pre-planned action, so the perpetrator killed the president even though it was unfavorable for him. This is how the investigation department explained it."
[188] "But the investigation department also had doubts about the fact of blackmail, right?"
[189] "Yes. Because the 500 million yen in cash was left in the abandoned house. If the perpetrator left a note for the president to go to the air raid shelter, he should have also made the president bring a briefcase, and it wouldn't have been left in the abandoned house. If the perpetrator himself went into the abandoned house and went to the air raid shelter with the president, he could have just carried the briefcase himself. There is also the possibility that the perpetrator's identity was discovered by the president in the abandoned house, and he killed the president to keep him quiet, but there was no reason not to take the cash with him. However, the cash is still left in the abandoned house, which is an indisputable fact. So, no matter how you think about it, there is only one possibility -"
[190] "The real purpose of the perpetrator was to kill the president, and the blackmailing of the company was just a cover to hide his intentions."
[191] "Yes. It's clear as day that the perpetrator was targeting the president. But if it was just the killing of the president, the motive would have been easily discovered, so he used company extortion as a cover to hide his true intentions."
[192] "What was missing from the body of Nakajima's president?"
[193] "The phone. The president's phone was in a belt phone case, so it is difficult to imagine that it was lost during the perpetrator's transportation of the body. Therefore, it is likely that the perpetrator took the phone. The investigation department believes that the perpetrator took the phone because it contained some information unfavorable to him. For example, the perpetrator may have been someone who seemed unrelated to the president, but in fact was very close to him. To prevent the disclosure of the call records that reveal his relationship with the president, the perpetrator took the phone. This possibility exists."
[194] "Even if the phone is gone, the call records are still saved on the phone company's side. With a search warrant, it's easy to find out. What was the result of the investigation?"
[195] "We investigated the call records for the past year, and from the results, there were no calls with someone who seemed unrelated. On the day of the incident, the president's phone only received three calls, all from the perpetrator, and no calls were made. Additionally, no text messages were sent or received that day."
[196] "So, there was no reason for the criminal to take the president's phone."
[197] "Indeed. Although today's phones can take photos, phones with camera functions were not available until 1999, a year after the incident. So, the criminal couldn't have taken the phone because the president took a picture of him. Of course, at that time, phones also didn't have recording functions, so the president couldn't have recorded the criminal's voice. In the end, we still don't know why the criminal took the phone."
[198] "Since you checked the call records at the phone company, you should be able to find the criminal's phone number. What was the result?"
[199] "The investigation found that the criminal used a prepaid phone. Although the phone number was obtained, there was no need for identity verification when purchasing a prepaid phone at that time, so it was impossible to trace the buyer. The phone store's surveillance cameras recorded images for a week, but the criminal's phone was sold a month ago, so it was impossible to find the suspect through the recorded images."
[200] "In addition, when the mobile operator was asked to investigate the signal, it was found that the prepaid phone used by the criminal was changing its location. The criminal made three calls to the president, the first at 7:10 PM in Oyama, the second at 8:10 PM in Kita-ku, and the third at 8:20 PM in Ritto City. That means the criminal's route was from Oyama to Kita-ku to Ritto City."
[201] "Between sending the threatening letter to Nakamura Bread and calling the president's cell phone at 7:10 p.m. on February 21, the criminal did not make any contact with the company. Why?"
[202] "Directly calling the president's home would have been detected by the police waiting there and the voice recorded. Although helium can change the tone, it cannot change the voiceprint. As long as the criminal was within the search range, he could be exposed by the voiceprint being consistent. "
[203] "Calling the cell phone would have made it impossible to use reverse detection technology, but the location could be tracked through the operator's signal investigation. Moreover, if the cell phone was connected to a recording device, it could also record the voice. Therefore, the criminal did not make any calls during that period. The reason why the criminal began to contact the president's cell phone at 7:10 p.m. on February 21 was that the car had already left and could not be connected to the recording device - so the criminal could make the call without worry."
[204] "However, calling the cell phone was also a double-edged sword for the criminal. This also narrowed down the suspect range to those who knew the president's private mobile phone number. The fact that the criminal used helium to change his voice further suggests that he was a close associate of the president."
[205] "Who is the biggest suspect?"
[206] "Takahashi Yusuke, the Executive Director. Although he is the victim's cousin, the conflict between them within the company was severe. Takahashi Yusuke definitely knows the president's private mobile number and has a motive. After the president's death, he took over the position of president. To hide this obvious motive, he played a game of corporate intimidation. The Investigation Department believes this."
[207] "However, Takahashi Yusuke has an airtight alibi. At 8:25 pm on the night of the incident, he visited the residence of Nakajima Bread Company's Operations Director – Anada Junichi, and stayed there until 11 pm. Takahashi and Anada are chess friends, and they play chess together every Saturday. According to Anada's testimony, after Takahashi arrived, they played chess continuously. Although they both left briefly for tasks such as fetching drinks, bringing down dishes, and going to the bathroom, they only left for a few minutes each time."
[208] "The estimated time of the president's death is between 8:30 pm and 9:00 pm, so Takahashi Yusuke could not have killed him. Even if the president came to the area near Anada's house, it would have been impossible for Takahashi to kill him within the three minutes he was away from the table. Because Anada's house is located in Utsunomiya City, which is about 50 kilometers away from the abandoned house in Handa-mura. The president entered the abandoned house at 8:30 pm, and it would have been impossible for him to reach the area near Anada's house by 9:00 pm."
[209] "Of course, the Investigation Department also discussed the possibility of Anada Junichi making false testimony. Could the Executive Director have bribed Anada Junichi with the promise of promotion to make false testimony? Since Anada has been living alone since his divorce two years ago, his testimony about the time of Takahashi Yusuke's visit is based solely on his own account. The Investigation Department questioned him thoroughly afterward, but he remained firm and did not retract his testimony."
[210] "Soon after, an incident occurred that greatly disappointed the Investigation Department – one month after the president's death, Anada Junichi was killed in a car accident when he accidentally drove into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result, Takahashi Yusuke's alibi became unverifiable. Additionally, there were no other pieces of evidence that could prove Takahashi Yusuke's guilt, making the suspicion against him come to a complete standstill."
[211] "There is a rumor in Nakajima Bread Company that the executive director tampered with Ando's car to cause the accident that killed him."
[212] "Yes. However, after a very thorough examination by the traffic department, it was determined that Ando's accident was a pure traffic accident. Since the discovery of steel needles in Nakajima Bread, Ando, as the head of the sales department, has been busy controlling the situation. He often had to go to the crime scene with special crime investigation officers and the president. These tasks were very laborious, and after being questioned and investigated by the investigation department for perjury, he was already somewhat neurotic at the time of the accident. This was probably the real cause of the accident.
[213] "Are there any other suspects with clear motives to kill the president besides the executive director?"
[214] "No. Over the past fifteen years, more than 20,000 investigators have participated in the investigation of this case. In February 2005, seven years after the incident, the statute of limitations for blackmail was met. As for murder, the Criminal Procedure Code Amendment Bill of 2010 abolished the statute of limitations for murder, so the ongoing investigation class is still investigating. However, there has been no progress -"
[215] "You've done a good job."
[216] Hibiki Shizuka spoke without expression. This was the first time the director had praised him, and it made him feel a little overwhelmed. However, the next sentence made him even more surprised. Hibiki Shizuka turned her big eyes to him and said,
[217] "So, let's start the investigation again."
[218] "What do you mean, investigate again? Are you going to re-investigate?"
[219] "Yes."
[220] "But the investigation of this case is the task of the continuing investigation unit."
[221] "The Continuation Search Division has hit a dead end, they can't find the truth."
[222] "That's true, but why are we, the Crime Data Museum, going to re-investigate?"
[223] "I always saw the Crimson Museum as the last fortress to prevent criminals from escaping legal punishment. Whenever a piece of evidence from a labyrinthine case is brought here, I reorganize the case's timeline. Of course, most of the time there is nothing new to find. But occasionally, we can find a new perspective. By looking at the whole case from a new perspective, we may find the path to the end. I'm betting on that possibility."
[224] Finally, the truth came out that the crimson Shizuka wanted to re-investigate the unsolved case and read the investigation materials every moment. However, she was from the elite faction, and the main duty of the elite faction was to manage the police organization, not to engage in specific investigations. At most, she was assigned to the search department or the regional department of the police station for about six months during her internship, treated as a VIP, and occasionally going out on duty to breathe the air of the crime scene. Letting someone like this re-investigate? It was a crazy idea, and Toku almost laughed out loud. Being driven by such unrealistic fantasies, reading a large amount of investigation materials every day was fine, as it was your personal freedom, but trying to put such fantasies into practice was too foolish. Toku decided to persuade the director to give up the idea of re-investigating no matter what.
[225] "Why did you choose this case? The investigation of this case has used two thousand investigators and consumed fifteen years. Even so, the final truth was not found. Can we really make any use of it? The Continuation Search Division couldn't do it, so we probably won't either. Or have you already found a 'new perspective'?"
[226] Choko's sarcasm was evident in her tone, but Crimson Tsukiyomi's pale face showed no emotion and remained unmoved.
[227] "Yes, I noticed something after seeing the evidence."
[228] "What was it?"
[229] "I can't say it yet."
[230] Choko was speechless. Was this Crimson Tsukiyomi pretending to be a detective and playing with secrets? Secretism was truly harmful.
[231] "In short, searching again won't work. After all, have you ever conducted a re-investigation, Director?"
[232] "I have done so a few times when I had a competent assistant by my side. I did achieve some results."
[233] Really?
[234] "You said it was in the past, but what about recently?"
[235] "I haven't. No talented individuals are sent here. Even if I give the order for a re-investigation, they'll refuse, claiming they can't do it, and then quit."
[236] "That's a perfectly normal reaction." Finally, Qiang understood why the assistants had been leaving one by one.
[237] "That's why I went to great lengths to bring an excellent investigator here to become my assistant. A truly excellent investigator, no matter what position they hold, will never give up. Generally speaking, those transferred here are those who have broken ties with their original department. So, being both excellent and being abandoned by the original department, when you consider them together, there is only one possibility - someone who has made a major mistake at work. To find such a person, I've put in a lot of effort."
[238] "…Are you talking about me?"
[239] "Yes, you are an excellent investigator, which is why you were transferred here."
[240] Qiang felt that something that had been frozen within him since being transferred to the "Red Museum" suddenly stirred again, even if just slightly and briefly.
[241] "So, will you follow my instructions to conduct a re-investigation?"
[242] Zhu sighed and replied, "As you wish."
[243] Although the threat of terrorism against Nakamura Bread Co., Ltd. has expired, the statute of limitations for the murder of Nakamura Hiroshi, the president of the company, has been abolished in the Criminal Procedure Code amendment bill published and implemented in 2010. Therefore, the police station has set up a continuation of the investigation unit to continue to investigate the true killer of the president.
[244] Zhu showed the police manual to the receptionist and said, "Please find Detective Birdwell of the continuation of the investigation unit for the murder case of the Nakamura Bread Company president. Thank you." The receptionist seemed to remember Zhu's visit yesterday and was full of curiosity. She led Zhu to the waiting room.
[245] About three minutes later, the door to the waiting room opened and a middle-aged man in his fifties, of medium build, entered. He had a crew cut and an ordinary appearance, the type that would be lost in a crowd. However, Zhu knew very well that this ordinary appearance was one of the necessary factors to become an excellent detective.
[246] "I am Detective Yoshino from the continuing investigation team."
[247] "I am Detective Temple from the Criminal Records Museum. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter."
[248] Sato quickly rose from the sofa to greet him.
[249] The first instruction from Hibari was for Sato to meet Detective Yoshino. According to her, Detective Yoshino was the investigator who hid under the rear seat of the president's Lexus at the time of the incident, serving as the special criminal investigation officer of the Special Criminal Investigation Division of the Search Department. Whenever there were kidnapping or corporate threat cases, he would board the vehicle transporting the cash and assume the important role of relaying the situation to the search headquarters.
[250] The director's detailed knowledge of such matters left Sato astounded. When he asked her for the source of the information, Hibari simply replied, "I have my own network of sources."
[251] "We already sent the case evidence to your 'Red Museum' yesterday, so what do you want from me today?"
[252] Detective Higashiyama's voice carried a hint of contempt.
[253] "While our job is to store and organize evidence, it is also necessary to understand the case summary. Therefore, I have some questions to ask Detective Higashiyama."
[254] "Do you really need to know the case summary? You can just look at the investigation records. They should have been given to you already?"
[255] "Yes, they were. However, our director said that asking you directly would be better for some questions…"
[256] Why do I have to be so polite? Kou is starting to dislike himself.
[257] "Director? You mean that strange woman, Akane Tsukishiro? She's an elite member who ended up at the 'Red Museum' and seems to have no intention of leaving."
[258] Kou agrees with the "odd" part.
[259] "So, what specific questions do you have for me?"
[260] "On the night of the incident, you and the president were on the cash transport vehicle, right? The suspect's instructions were for the president to drive a car carrying five billion yen, starting at 7 pm from the First Tokyo Bay and heading north. First, I would like to confirm the situation before departure. When you went to drive, were there only you and the president present?"
[261] "Yes. At 7:05, the president picked up a handbag containing five billion yen and went to the garage with me. The president had a mini microphone on his collar, and I wore an earpiece for reception. I laid a blanket on the back seat and lay down on it. At 7 pm, the president drove off."
[262] "How was the president's state at the time?"
[263] "He seemed very anxious, constantly muttering 'Is it okay? Is it okay?' It's understandable. He was carrying a handbag with five billion yen and shouldering the livelihoods of seventeen thousand employees."
[264] "Was there any fear of his own life being threatened in this anxiety?"
[265] "No, I don't think so. I don't think he could have imagined that he would be killed at the time."
[266] "The criminal made the first call to the middle island president's cell phone at 7:10 p.m., right?"
[267] "Yes. The president quickly pulled over to the side of the road to answer the phone. I remember him whispering 'What's this? This voice.' The criminal had used helium to raise his voice. After answering 'I know', the president turned around and told me that the criminal had instructed him to be at the city hall of his grandson in Chichibu City, Saitama Prefecture by 8:10 a.m. I immediately reported this to the search headquarters using a wireless walkie-talkie. The criminal was very thorough, making the call after the car left his house. There was no recording device, so we couldn't record the criminal's voice. If it were now, we could have used a cell phone to record it, but there was no such function at the time."
[268] "After that, you headed to the city hall of his grandson in Chichibu City, Saitama Prefecture, right?"
[269] "Yes. The president set the destination in the navigation system and drove according to the route indicated by the navigation."
[270] "Did you have any communication with the president during this time?"
[271] "Not much. I was in constant contact with the search headquarters. Although I also took the opportunity to tell the president that the pursuit group was disguised as an ordinary vehicle and that they were not suspicious vehicles, and asked him to be at ease. However, he seemed to be preoccupied with the transaction with the criminal and didn't pay much attention."
[272] "You arrived at the city hall of my grandson city at 8:02 pm, right?"
[273] "Yes. The president parked the car on the side of the road and waited for the criminal's contact. At around 8:10 pm, the criminal called and instructed the president to go to the intersection of County Route 8 and National Route 16, and specified a nearby abandoned house as the transaction location. I immediately reported to the search headquarters with the radio. The headquarters quickly investigated the site map and dispatched two search agents to the site monitoring group."
[274] "The criminal made another call at 8:20 pm."
[275] "The criminal asked the president if he really brought five billion yen in cash, and the president answered that he did. Two minutes later, I received a notification from the site monitoring group that they had begun to monitor the abandoned house. The president was very worried and asked me if the criminal would discover the search agents. I answered that the search agents of the site monitoring group were all elite professionals, and were prepared for such moments, so he should be at ease."
[276] "The car arrived at the abandoned house at 8:30 pm."
[277] "Yes. The abandoned house was separated from the road by a field, about 20 meters away, and was a dilapidated two-story Western-style house that seemed to have been abandoned for some time. The president got out of the car, put on gloves, picked up a briefcase, and walked nervously into the field. To avoid being discovered by the criminal, I got up from the back seat and slightly stuck my head out, watching the president's back. He pushed the door open and entered the abandoned house."
[278] "However, the president didn't come out after 30 minutes. I started to feel uneasy. The effective range of the mini microphone on the president's body was only a few meters, and my headphones couldn't receive the signal. So if something happened, the president wouldn't be able to inform me in time. I contacted the investigation headquarters, and they ordered two search officers from the on-site monitoring group who were closest to the abandoned house, New Vine and Kanai, to sneak into the house to investigate. I also got out of the car and headed towards the abandoned house."
[279] "After entering the abandoned house, we found that New Vine and Kanai, who had entered first, were standing in the corridor next to the entrance. There was a briefcase in the corridor, containing five billion yen in cash, but the president was nowhere to be found. We searched the whole house, including the living room, bedrooms, kitchen, study, bathroom, and closets, but could not find the president. There was no sound in the earphones. After reporting to the headquarters, the headquarters were in chaos."
[280] "We then went outside and thought that the president might not be in the abandoned house anymore. After searching around, we found a bomb shelter next to the back door. The wooden door was rotten, so no key was needed. We opened the door and found that it was pitch black inside. We thought that the president might be inside, so we turned on our flashlights and looked inside. It was a space of about 10 square meters, but there was no one. However, we could see that there was another path leading forward with the help of the flashlight. There seemed to be a cold wind blowing from there, indicating that it was connected to the outside. We walked along that path with our flashlights, about 10 meters, and found another door. We slightly opened the door, and cold wind blew in. After opening the door, we found ourselves in a forest, with a two-lane road nearby. The president might have come through the bomb shelter to this place, so we immediately searched the area, but found nothing."
[281] "The culprit might have left a note and a flashlight in the abandoned house to indicate that the president should come through the bomb shelter to this place. Or he might have directly infiltrated the abandoned house and brought the president here. Then he took the president in the car and left.
[282] "The search headquarters immediately set up checkpoints around to question vehicles that took the president away, but it was a futile effort. The culprit probably escaped with the president beyond the search range. Then the next day, the president's body was found...
[283] "I was so close to the president, but the culprit still managed to kill him so easily. However, at that time, I didn't realize my own weakness and powerlessness. This regrets me a lot. So I actively joined the continuation of the search class, from the search department to the Shinagawa Police Station."
[284] "The voice of Tsurumi Inspector was very bitter."
[285] "I understand. I also had the experience of letting the culprit escape and evading legal punishment."
[286] "Detective Takagi seemed suddenly interested, staring straight at Takaishi."
[287] "I thought all the people in the 'Red Museum' were administrative, so how, were you in the search field?”
[288] "—Yes. I was a member of the search section in this precinct not long ago."
[289] "Detective Takagi's gaze showed sympathy."
[290] "It must have been terrible. When did you join the search section?"
[291] "Three years ago."
[292] "Ah, I joined the Continuing Investigation Section at the Shinagawa Police Station four years ago, just missing you. Which department are you from?"
[293] "The Third Major Crimes Investigation Eighth Section."
[294] "The Eighth Section, is the section chief Tominaga-san?"
[295] "Yes. Do you know Tominaga-san, the section chief?"
[296] "He was my classmate at the police academy. We both joined the Investigation First Section at the same time, he went to the Violent Crime Investigation Section, and I went to the Special Violent Crime Investigation Section. Although we're not in the same department, we have a good relationship. We still drink together often."
[297] Confused about whether Hirai Detective Superintendent has heard about his subordinate's major mistake and demotion, Kei is a little worried. He cautiously glances at Detective Superintendent's expression, but sees no change in his gaze. It seems he hasn't heard. Kei breathes a sigh of relief, but immediately becomes angry at himself for being such a coward. When did he become such a timid coward?
[298] "Thank you for your cooperation. That's all the questions I have for you."
[299] Kei thanks him with a heavy heart.
[300] The headquarters of Nishijima Bread Company is a 20-story building made of granite located in front of Shinagawa Station.
[301] Kei arrived at the reception hall on the first floor and said, "I am from the Metropolitan Police Department, and I have an appointment with the president at 2 pm." The receptionist's face showed a slight tension and hurriedly replied, "I'll take you there, please wait a moment."
[302] Within a minute, the elevator door opened, and a 30-year-old male employee walked towards Kei with a clear purpose. After saying "Please follow me," he continued to take steps. This man is probably the president's secretary, so Kei hurriedly followed him. The elevator went up to the 20th floor.
[303] Perhaps because the offices of the upper management are concentrated on this floor, the carpet on the corridor absorbed all the noise. The secretary pushed open a solid wooden door, revealing a waiting room inside. There was another door on the inside of the waiting room. The secretary knocked on the door, and a voice from inside said, "Please come in." Kei answered, "Excuse me," and pushed the door open.
[304] A tall and robust man stood up from behind the desk in the center of the room. He was around sixty years old, wearing a stylish suit, and had a sharp and confident look.
[305] "I am Takayuki Takahashi."
[306] The next order from the red-colored Shiroka was to meet this person.
[307] "I am Detective Kon from the Police Department."
[308] Even though I was demoted from the Investigation Division to the Criminal Records Bureau, my identity as a police officer would not change, so I didn't lie. Cong thought to himself. It was only then that he realized he was retreating. In the past, he would never have retreated, no matter what kind of opponent he faced. It seems that the impact of losing the badge from the Investigation Division was greater than he had anticipated.
[309] "Please make yourself at home."
[310] Takahashi Yoshikatsu gestured for Cong to sit on the sofa. Cong sat down as instructed, and the sofa gently supported the weight of his body.
[311] "Did you make any new progress in the investigation? Two detectives came to our place a few days ago..."
[312] Soichiro was startled. It seems that the continuation of the investigation team has beaten him to it.
[313] "I'm sorry, but there's no new progress. I came to confirm your whereabouts on the night of the incident again today."
[314] Takahashi Yoshimitsu's sharp face twisted in displeasure.
[315] "So, are the police still suspicious of me?"
[316] "No, we're not suspecting you…"
[317] "I don't need polite words. I know the police have been suspicious of me all along. After all, I was so opposed to the late president, it's obvious that our relationship was terrible, right? Taking over the presidency after the president's death means I had a strong motive, doesn't it? The police always ask me the same questions over and over about my actions that night."
[318] "Asking about the actions of those involved in the case is a necessary part of the investigation…"
[319] "But no matter how many times you ask, I have an alibi. During the time the president was killed, I was playing Go with Mr. Anida Shota. The police have already confirmed this with Mr. Anida, so my alibi should be solid, right?"
[320] "Yes."
[321] "After Mr. Anbei's car accident, rumors started that I killed him. They said I made him give false testimony and then killed him to cover up the crime. But Mr. Anbei's death was truly an accident, and the police should know that. "
[322] "You're right."
[323] "If that's the case, why are you still focusing on me? There are other leads you could be pursuing instead of suspecting me."
[324] This is exactly what Hikari feels. The alibi of Takahashi is impenetrable, and he shouldn't be the culprit. Hikari suggests that even if they see Takahashi again, it's unlikely to yield new information, but Akane insists that Hikari go see him.
[325] "Go ask him, who won the Go game that night with Mr. Anbei."
[326] Rinko instructs. It is unclear how the winner of the Go game could have any relation to the case.
[327] "Mr. Takahashi, you and Mr. Ueno are Go friends, right? You play a few games every Saturday?"
[328] "That's correct. I joined the club because I like Go, but no one in the club could beat me, probably because they were afraid to give their all due to my position in the company. When I was about to lose interest, Mr. Ueno joined the club. He was really good, winning the first game against me easily. That's when I found my match. From then on, I often went to Mr. Ueno's house to play Go. Of course, I invited Mr. Ueno to my house, but he was afraid of being restricted at my place and preferred to play at his own home. Mr. Ueno had been living alone since his divorce, so it was indeed more relaxed at his place."
[329] "Therefore, you arrived at Mr. Ueno's house at 8:25 p.m. as usual that day."
[330] "Yes. We started playing immediately after pouring the whiskey, and I was in a good mood, so I played quickly. We played another game because I was in a good mood, and we played until about 11 p.m."
[331] "Yes, I did. It was a complete victory. It was the first time I won so easily."
[332] "Detective Matsumoto, I reported everything that happened with Detective Ishibashi and Mr. Yoshida to Scarlet."
[333] "Okay, thank you. Now it's your turn to tell me your thoughts."
[334] "Scarlet: "I'm glad you're doing well. It's time for you to tell me your thoughts."
[335] "You should tell me your thoughts now."
[336] "Alright. Have a seat."
[337] Kurahashi pointed to the old sofa in the corner of the office. The sofa was a stark contrast to the minimalist decor of the room. As Kou sat down, the sofa made a deflated sound. Compared to the sofa in the CEO's office of Midori Bread Company, it was worlds apart.
[338] "The most intriguing aspect of this case is the 500 million yen left in the abandoned house. Did the perpetrator leave a clue for the CEO to go to the bunker and specifically instruct him to leave the money in the abandoned house? Or did the perpetrator lead the CEO to the bunker and intentionally leave the money behind? The key question is why the perpetrator did this. It's been bothering me."
[339] "As I said, the 500 million yen was just a decoy to make it look like an extortion attempt. Is that alright?"
[340] "If it was just a decoy, why not make it more convincing?"
[341] "Eh?"
[342] "If you really want to use these five billion yen as a decoy, you should have taken them from the abandoned house. Leaving them there just exposes the fact that it's a decoy. On the contrary, if you take them, no one will think of it as a decoy, which is the real purpose of a decoy. Furthermore, even if it is a decoy, do you think the criminal would let the five billion yen slip away from right in front of him? Whatever the case, the criminal should have taken it. No matter how you look at it."
[343] "It seems that way…"
[344] "This is what I think. The reason why the five billion yen was left in the abandoned house is that the criminal couldn't take it with him."
[345] "Can't take it? What do you mean, that the criminal is too weak to carry it?"
[346] "No. Even if the criminal is too weak to carry it, the company president could carry it."
[347] "That's true."
[348] "After all, why didn't the criminal take the five billion? If you think about it carefully, there is only one possibility. That is, no one actually left the abandoned house through the air raid shelter."
[349] "Wait, wait. What about the company president who left the abandoned house through the air raid shelter?"
[350] "I have already explained that if that happened, the five billion would not have been left in the abandoned house. To put it another way, the fact that the five billion is still in the abandoned house means that the company president has not left the abandoned house."
[351] "If the president hasn't left the house, where did he go? Are you saying he hid in the house? Listen, the three investigators monitoring the scene turned the house upside down. If the president was hiding in the house, he would have been found."
[352] "That's right. He would have been found. But there is one exception."
[353] "Exception?"
[354] "The president, he turned into one of the investigators monitoring the scene."
[355] Akira thought that Shiroi Tsukimi must be crazy.
[356] "——The president became one of the investigators monitoring the scene? Are you kidding me? The other two investigators would have noticed. Moreover, where did the original investigator go?"
[357] "Let me correct that – one of the investigators monitoring the scene played two roles. First, he disguised himself as the president and entered the dilapidated house, then removed the disguise and appeared as an investigator."
[358] "Two roles?"
[359] "The president entered the dilapidated house at 8:30 pm, when it was pitch black. And the president may have been wearing glasses and a 3D mask to prevent pollen allergies. It was possible to disguise himself as the president."
[360] "You mean the president who got out of the Lexus and went into the dilapidated house was a fake?"
[361] "Yes. And only one person could have done the disguise, and that's the detective who was in the car the whole time, Detective Takagi."
[362] "Detective Takagi?"
[363] "The Lexus left the president's house at 7 PM, and a surveillance team was following it. It was impossible to stop and change people without being seen. So, at the moment the Lexus left the president's house, the president was no longer in the car, and the driver was a fake pretending to be the president."
[364] "So, the president was switched at 7 PM?"
[365] "According to Detective Takagi, at 7:05 PM, the president left with a briefcase containing the ransom money, and only they were present. It was then that Detective Takagi quickly put on a wig, glasses, and a 3D mask, disguising himself as the president. Remember the president's clothes? He had a green camouflage jacket on the outside and a black double-sided jacket on the inside. He wore the jacket over his suit, with the black side facing in. Detective Takagi likely wore a similar jacket over his suit, but with the black side facing out. By flipping the jacket, Detective Takagi could easily impersonate the president. Then, the president handed the phone to Detective Takagi, who sat in the driver's seat and drove out of the garage."
[366] "Detective Birdwell is the head of the Special Criminal Investigation Section of the First Investigation Department. Whenever there is a kidnapping or corporate extortion case, he hides in the vehicle that delivers the ransom money to the criminals and relays the situation to the Investigation Department. This is his important mission. Therefore, in this case, he had already predicted with great certainty that he would be assigned the task of riding in the Lexus with the president.
[367] "As soon as the Lexus left the president's house, the tracking team's vehicle followed behind. It is already difficult to see the interior of the vehicle in the dark, and the 'president' driving the car was wearing a 3D mask, so the investigators from the tracking team would not suspect that the person driving is not the president but their colleague, Detective Birdwell. Moreover, who would have thought that they played a disguise game in the garage? The instruction to drive away at 7 pm was actually issued to make the disguise less noticeable.
[368] "Meanwhile, after watching the Lexus drive away from the president's house, the president himself quietly left. The Lexus leaving the president's house drew the attention of most of the police. No one noticed the figure leaving.
[369] "Detective Birdwell, disguised as the president, drove the car while maintaining contact with the Investigation Department. To make the department think that the president was driving in the driver's seat, he had to often pretend to be talking to the president, saying things like "Are you okay?" "Stay calm." He would also ask the president, "Where are we heading?" to give the illusion that he was hiding in the back seat.
[370] "But is this really possible? To communicate with the department while driving, one hand must hold the steering wheel and the other must hold the walkie-talkie. Wouldn't the investigators from the tracking team find it suspicious if they saw the president doing this?"
[371] "You should remember that the 'president' was wearing a three-dimensional mask. Birdwell Inspector took the wireless handset's microphone and hid it inside the bulge of the mask. The body of the handset was hidden under the jacket. This allowed him to hold the steering wheel with both hands while maintaining contact with the Investigation Department. The size of the microphone could be hidden in the mask, and the interior of the car was dark, so it was impossible to see the wire between the microphone and the handset from the outside. This three-dimensional mask not only facilitated the disguise as the president but also created an environment where he could communicate with the department while driving. I noticed its cleverness when I saw it in the evidence."
[372] "I remember when the evidence was brought to the assistant room, Kurokawa-san stared intently at the evidence. Now, I realize that what caught her attention was this three-dimensional mask.
[373] "Indeed, it seems that it would really be possible to hold the steering wheel with both hands while using the handset to speak... "
[374] "At 7:10 pm, when the criminal called, the 'president' seemed to have answered the phone and had a conversation with the criminal, but actually nothing was said. If he had spoken, the Investigation Department would have heard Birdwell Inspector's voice through the handset's microphone. Similarly, the criminal did not speak. Because the phone's earpiece was pressed against Birdwell Inspector's ear, it was not far from the microphone in the mask. If the criminal had spoken, their voice would have been picked up by the microphone and transmitted to the Investigation Department. The fact that Birdwell Inspector's wireless handset received the criminal's voice - this would have exposed Birdwell Inspector's disguise as the president. Therefore, at that time, the phone was only kept on for a certain period of time, and neither side spoke.
[375] "After the 'president' ended his conversation with the criminal, he put down the phone and continued driving. Then, as Birdwell Inspector, he reported the conversation between the president and the criminal to the Investigation Department while driving. The 'president' driving the car was actually using Birdwell Inspector's voice to communicate with headquarters under the three-dimensional mask, and the investigators following the car were completely unaware of this."
[376] "Detective Oyama played the role of both the president and himself, creating the illusion that the president was still in the car. During this time, the real president was heading elsewhere."
[377] So, is Detective Oyama's description of the president being in the car all lies?
[378] "Then, the suspect who called the 'president' while driving would naturally be the president himself, who watched the car leave and had a plan. I also considered whether there might be a third suspect, responsible for making the phone call. However, after careful consideration, I think it is unlikely. It would be foolish to add a co-conspirator just for the sake of making a phone call. The fewer co-conspirators, the better. In this case, it seems more reasonable to believe that the suspect was the president himself.
[379] "Before the suspect called the president's phone at 7:10 p.m. on February 21, there was no contact at all. We initially thought this was because the suspect was afraid that their voice would be recorded by the recording device. However, this is not entirely accurate. In the phase before the car left the president's house, only Detective Oyama could have called the president's phone using the suspect's identity. However, he was stationed at the president's house and could not have made the call without being noticed by other investigators. It was only after the car left that Detective Oyama, disguised as the president, could have made the call.
[380] "If there were a third suspect, it would not have been necessary to go through all this trouble. He could have found a suitable time to make the call with Detective Oyama's help. From this point, it can be inferred that there were only two suspects: the president and Detective Oyama."
[381] "If the person who called the president's phone was indeed the president himself, does that mean the movement trajectory of the prepaid phone was not the action route of the culprit, but the action route of the president?"
[382] "Yes. The prepaid phone made three calls, at 7:10 pm in Daiwell, 8:10 pm in Kokubunji City, and 8:20 pm in Rikuzentakata City. This means that the president's action route was from Daiwell to Kokubunji City to Rikuzentakata City. The president's house is in Yamanashi, which is close to Daiwell. It is reasonable for the president to leave his home quietly at 7:00 pm and arrive at Daiwell at 7:10 pm.
[383] "Is it possible that the threat to Nakamura Bread Company was actually staged by the president himself?"
[384] "Yes. The president went to deliver the ransom to the extortionist, but actually did something else secretly - that is, the threat to Nakamura Bread Company was a diversion to create an alibi for the president.
[385] "However, if the alibi was to make the president's phone call, is it necessary to go to such an extreme extent? It's too much to put needles in the bread produced by the company he owns. As a result, Nakamura Bread Company had to recall the products and suspend sales, resulting in significant losses. When you think about it, the means and ends are a bit out of balance."
[386] "You're right, I also think the means and ends are not balanced. We'll put that aside for now and discuss it later. Right now, we need to figure out what the president wants to do with this alibi. Considering the complexity and scale of the alibi, the president must have something extraordinary to do. Besides killing, there's nothing else to think of."
[387] "—Killing?"
[388] "The president's plan is to quietly return home after the murder, wait for Birdwell Inspector's car to come back, and then change clothes again in the garage, appearing in front of the investigation team as the original president and Inspector Birdwell. The police would never think that the president, who was transporting five billion yen in cash, could also go kill someone. That's their trick."
[389] "Let Inspector Birdwell put the handbag containing five billion yen in the abandoned house, and then the threat incident ends with the criminal not showing up to collect the ransom money - a good plan. However, the two of them encountered an unavoidable accident during the execution of the plan. The president was killed by the person he wanted to kill."
[390] "However, the two of them encountered an unavoidable accident during the execution of the plan. The president was killed by the person he wanted to kill."
[391] "Counter...kill?"
[392] "Yes. Before dying, the president called Detective Ohmoto on a prepaid phone and told him about the accident. The last call the culprit made to the president's phone was at 8:20 p.m., which is when it happened."
[393] "Think about it. Doesn't it seem unnatural for the culprit to ask, 'Did you bring the 500 million yen?' at 8:20 p.m., an hour and twenty minutes after the president left? If the culprit really wanted to confirm whether the president brought the ransom money, why didn't they ask when the president just left? Why make a phone call an hour and twenty minutes later to ask if the money was brought? It's absurd. So, the phone call at 8:20 p.m. was an unexpected event. It was a desperate move by the president who was struck back."
[394] "Knowing that the president was struck back, Detective Ohmoto continued driving towards the abandoned house while thinking of a countermeasure. By now, it's impossible to continue pretending to be the president, as the president's body will be discovered soon. If he continues to act as the president after the death, it will expose that the living president is a fake. Making matters worse, only he, who was riding in the same car as the president, can disguise himself as the president. So, what should he do now?"
[395] "Desperate, Detective Ohmoto's mind flashed the idea of using the air raid shelter next to the abandoned house. He would enter the abandoned house as the president and then remove the disguise to become himself, waiting for an opportunity. The search team would gradually become suspicious and send search team members to check the situation in the house. Of course, this task could also fall on him, but he should be more likely to send the two search team members who were hiding near the abandoned house, as their car was parked twenty meters away from the abandoned house. Then, he would hide behind the door's shadow, waiting for the two search team members to pass by, and then appear at the door, pretending to have just arrived. Then, he would subtly lead them to believe that the president was not in the house because he had already left the air raid shelter…"
[396] "Although risky, there was no other way for him to help himself out of this predicament.
[397] "Detective Fujisawa disguised himself as the president and entered the abandoned house with a handbag containing five billion yen. Without a doubt, he wore gloves at this time. The handbag was ultimately going to be left in the abandoned house, and the search group would undoubtedly investigate the fingerprints on the handbag. It would be disastrous if Detective Fujisawa's fingerprints were found on the handbag that should have been carried by the president.
[398] "After entering the abandoned house, he immediately removed the president's disguise, putting the wig, three-dimensional mask, and glasses in his pocket. He then turned the double-faced jacket inside out, changing the green camouflage representing the president to the black representing himself.
[399] "During this time, Detective Fujisawa occasionally contacted the search headquarters with his walkie-talkie, pretending to be hiding under the rear seat of the Lexus.
[400] "The search headquarters had not seen the president come out for a long time and began to suspect, just as Detective Fujisawa had predicted, they dispatched the two site monitoring agents who were closer to the abandoned house to investigate the situation first. Detective Fujisawa hid behind the door's shadow as planned, waiting for the two agents to pass by before making his move and pretending to have just arrived from the car."
[401] "Hmm, I understand the gist of it. So, who is the person that the CEO wanted to kill - the one who ultimately killed the CEO?"
[402] "Considering the last location of the prepaid phone used by the CEO - the place where the CEO called Detective Higuchi to report the situation, remember, it was in Minami-Kita City. The residence of the deceased Anno Daisuke, who died in a traffic accident, was also in Minami-Kita City."
[403] "You mean Anno killed the CEO?"
[404] "That's right. At 8:10 pm, the CEO made a call using a prepaid phone in the jurisdiction of Kita City and then went to Anno Daisuke's residence in Minami-Kita City. Upon entering Anno Daisuke's house, the CEO attacked Anno Daisuke with a knife, but Anno Daisuke fought back. The CEO called Detective Higuchi and informed him that he had been attacked and injured before dying. This call was made at 8:20 pm, the time when the perpetrator called the CEO's phone. Not long after, at 8:25 pm, Takao Okuda visited Anno Daisuke's house to play a game of shogi. Anno Daisuke pretended to be calm and entertained Takao Okuda, and they played shogi until around 11 pm. The CEO's body was hidden in the house, and although Anno Daisuke appeared calm on the surface, he was in a state of great turmoil inside. Takao Okuda claimed that he was in excellent form, winning both games, but it was likely because Anno Daisuke, who had just killed someone, was in a severe state of agitation and had no heart to play."
[405] "I see. Takao Okuda was playing shogi with Anno Daisuke from 8:25 pm to 11 pm, so not only Takao Okuda but also Anno Daisuke had an alibi."
[406] "Pinku proposed a new investigation and specifically sent Kou to see Takahashi Yoshinobu. It was not because they suspected Takahashi, but because they suspected Anno, who shared the alibi with Takahashi. Asking about the outcome of their shogi game was also because if Anno truly killed out of impulse - even if it was self-defense - his mental turmoil would have been reflected in the game, affecting the outcome."
[407] "Late at night, Takahashi Yoshinobu returned home, and Anno drove the president's body to the banks of the Bogawa River to dispose of it. It is likely that Inspector Tsurugi called Anno, threatening him by saying that he knew Anno was the one who killed the president and forcing Anno to do so. For Inspector Tsurugi, not knowing the whereabouts of the president's body would have caused great unease. Moreover, the prepaid phone was still on the president's body, which forced Anno to participate in the disposal of the president's body. If the prepaid phone was found on the president's body, it would have indicated that the user was the president, meaning that the 'culprit' who called the 'president' using the Lexuses was none other than the president himself."
[408] "By the way, this also solves the mystery of why the culprit took the president's phone. The president gave the phone to Inspector Tsurugi disguised as himself, so the phone was not on him when he was counterattacked and killed. It was not taken by the culprit."
[409] "After that, Anno died in a traffic accident. It is likely that his state of mental turmoil leading up to the accident was not due to his role as the head of the sales department, having to deal with the aftermath of the threatening incident. The real reason may have been the guilt of killing the president."
[410] "However, I still have some things I don't understand. Why did Middle Island President kill Anno Toshiyuki? And why did Inspector Tsurugi help the president? There doesn't seem to be any connection between the president and the inspector."
[411] "Before the threatening letter was sent, there was no connection between the president and Inspector Tsuboi. However, after the threatening letter was sent, as the victim company's president and the police officer investigating the case, their paths crossed. This means that the reason why the president and Inspector Tsuboi wanted to kill Anata should have been produced after the threatening letter was sent. The moment the motive was formed, Anata, the president, and Inspector Tsuboi should have been present. This made me remember that Anata, as the head of the sales department, had to go to various supermarkets where the needles were found in the bread with the president and the detectives from the Special Criminal Investigation Department. It can be confirmed that when going to the target supermarket, it was the detectives from the Special Criminal Investigation Department who drove the president and Anata there. Is that detective possibly Inspector Tsuboi? Then, I can think of the possibility that the police car might have been involved in an accident and fled the scene.
[412] "—Fled the scene?"
[413] "Inspector Tsuboi requested that the president and Anata keep silent about this accident. Since it was not himself driving, and now it was the critical period of the threat incident, they could not give the image of the Midoriya Bread Company any more black marks, so they agreed to Inspector Tsuboi's request and became accomplices in fleeing the scene. Moreover, they went to the supermarket for on-site investigation as if nothing had happened.
[414] "However, Anata Junichi later realized his conscience and could not continue to remain silent, so he persuaded the president and Inspector Tsuboi to confess. If this continues, everything will be over, so Inspector Tsuboi and the president discussed it and decided to use this corporate threat incident to create an alibi and eliminate Anata to eliminate the threat. That's why they sent the second threatening letter.
[415] "What? The second threatening letter? Isn't it the first one?"
[416] "Yes. You also mentioned that it was a bit out of balance just to plant needles in the bread to create an alibi. Indeed, it was a bit out of balance. In that case, it would be more appropriate to assume that the person who planted the needles and sent the first threatening letter was not the president. Detective Ueno and the president just took advantage of this threatening incident and sent out the second threatening letter.
[417] "Detective Ueno, as a member of the investigation headquarters, had all the information about the paper, envelope, printer model, and font used in the first threatening letter. For him, it was not difficult to imitate the second threatening letter without any flaws.
[418] "Although the first threatening letter mentioned paying five billion yen in cash, it did not specify the method of payment. It was only the second threatening letter that finally gave specific instructions. If both letters were written by the same criminal, it would be redundant to send them separately. It would have been better to write it clearly on the first letter. Since sending them separately was unnecessary, it can be assumed that the two threatening letters were from different criminals – the person who sent the second letter wanted to take advantage of this incident. Moreover, the style of the second letter was completely consistent with that of the first letter, indicating that the sender must have been from the investigation headquarters.
[419] "So that's it…"
[420] The doubts that had once appeared in the head of Genki about the abilities of the crimson Kikuko were now thrown into the clouds. Although she was not a member of the investigation course, she was one of the top investigators, and it could be said that she was a genius. However, her communication and communication skills were indeed lacking, making her unsuitable for investigative questioning work…"
[421] "I believe that the reason the first threatening letter did not mention the payment method is that the culprit never intended to receive any ransom money. He simply wanted to annoy the Midori Bread Company by putting a needle in the bread and sending a threatening letter. However, he was caught off guard by the second threatening letter, and three days later, the CEO was murdered. The media concluded that the threatener was the murderer. He must have been frightened, which is why he remained silent. It is unlikely that we will be able to track down the culprit who sent the first threatening letter now…"
[422] Two days have passed.
[423] In the assistant room, Kudo is labeling evidence and entering relevant information as usual when his phone rings. He sees that it is a call from Detective Kamei, his former boss at the Third Violent Crimes Investigation Division, and picks up the phone with some trepidation.
[424] "Hello, this is Kudo."
[425] "This morning, Detective Kamei submitted his resignation."
[426] Mikami got straight to the point.
[427] "What?!"
[428] "Last night, Ii came to my house and said he was the perpetrator of the Nishijima Bread Company blackmail and murder case fifteen years ago."
[429] Takahashi remembered that Ii Inspector had mentioned that he and Mikami were classmates at the police academy and had a good relationship.
[430] "Isn't this the case that Ii Inspector handled? I was confused, so I asked him for more details. Then, that guy told me the whole story of what happened fifteen years ago. I asked him why he was bringing it up now, and he said it would be better to keep silent and let it sink without a trace. Then he told me that your director called him and perfectly reconstructed the truth. Your director told him to come see the inspector in two days and then hung up. Then, he told me that he had already written his resignation letter."
[431] Kou held the phone dumbly, not knowing what to say.
[432] "Of course, Takaoka's actions are unforgivable. But that guy is a very good detective. We were classmates and worked together for the cause. He was too enthusiastic about his work and couldn't balance it with his family. He divorced his wife. At that time, their daughter was very young, and the custody was naturally given to the mother. The daughter didn't even want to see him, and he was very disappointed at that time. This happened before the incident fifteen years ago. Takaoka's big trouble may also be the reason for this...
[433] Kou fell silent.
[434] "That guy lives alone now. He can't see his grown-up daughter. Detective work is his entire life value. But now even that is being taken away by your director. The tail-end elite doesn't know Takaoka's excellence and just sends him to the gallows to be humiliated for his own leisure time. And you are his accomplice. Listen, I won't let you go."
[435] "…Turning black and white."
[436] "Turning black and white? Maybe. But I can't forgive you. Are you planning to come back to the investigation post someday? No way! If you had stayed in 'The Crimson Museum' quietly, I might have considered letting you come back. Now you're colluding with that bottom-rung elite, and you're done for. As long as I'm here, you won't be able to come back."
[437] "…You don't have that kind of power."
[438] "Don't underestimate me. Anyway, you won't be able to come back. Just stay here, rotting and stinking, until you quit this miserable place."
[439] The phone was hung up.
[440] Long moments passed, and the man did not put down his phone from his ear. He suddenly looked up and realized that the door to the neighboring boss's room had opened, and Reiko Shizuka was staring at him intently. Her usually stern and symmetrical face was paler and more bluish than usual.
[441] "…I'm sorry."
[442] Her red lips parted slightly. It seems she heard the conversation between Akagi and Akiyoshi just now.
[443] "There's no need for you to apologize, Director. Discovering the truth and making it public is the duty of the police."
[444] "…Is that so?"
[445] "Yes."
[446] "So... will you continue to work with me?"
[447] "Of course."
[448] In that moment, Tomoko saw a smile on her face for the first time. It was a bit awkward, but a genuine smile nonetheless.
[449] Thank you, she said.
[450] Revenge Diary
[451] September 1st
[452] Masaki was killed.
[453] At 2 pm today, I received a phone call in my dorm.
[454] "Hey, it's Masaki. Do you remember me?"
[455] The voice on the other end was small and timid. It had been half a year since I last heard this familiar voice, and I thought I might never hear it again. My mind went blank, and I didn't know how to respond, just holding the receiver.
[456] "…Sorry for disturbing you."
[457] Perhaps she misunderstood my silence, and she seemed to want to hang up the phone.
[458] I immediately stopped her. How could I forget you? - Although I wanted to say this in my heart, what I said in the end was just the most ordinary words.
[459] "It's been a long time. What's up?"
[460] "Actually, there's something I want to ask you to do."
[461] "What is it?"
[462] "Although it's probably too much to ask now… Can we meet at 5 PM today?"
[463] "—Meet? "
[464] "I'm sorry for being so demanding. I was the one who ended it, and now I'm asking this… But there's no one else I can talk to about this."
[465] "Sure, let's meet. Where would you like to meet?"
[466] Masayo hesitated, "Can we meet at my apartment?"
[467] "Sure."
[468] "Then, see you soon. I'm sorry for bothering you so much."
[469] The phone had been off the hook for a while, but I still held the receiver. Was that really Masayo who called? Or was it just my imagination running wild with longing?
[470] No, it wasn't my imagination. It was definitely her. Her familiar voice echoed in my ears, leaving no doubt.
[471] However, I wondered what she wanted to discuss with me. Is it really just an excuse to get back together?
[472] You are so narcissistic, you are not such an attractive man.
[473] I remembered the time when I broke up with Miyako half a year ago.
[474] It was the first of March, a cold spring day. After visiting the Tokyo Metropolitan Art Museum, we strolled around Ueno Park, exchanging our thoughts on the exhibits. We had promised to visit all the museums together.
[475] That day, Miyako seemed a little off. Although her smile was still carefree as before, it was obvious that she was forcing a smile and tears welled up in the corners of her eyes. In fact, she had been in this state for several weeks, but it was especially noticeable that day.
[476] We got tired and sat on a bench. Matsuyo suddenly looked at me and spoke.
[477] "…I'm sorry."
[478] "What are you sorry for?"
[479] "I can't continue our relationship anymore."
[480] I couldn't understand what she was saying at first, just staring at her. I noticed that her doe-like eyes were filled with tears.
[481] "……Why? Did I do something wrong?"
[482] "No, you didn't do anything wrong. It's my fault."
[483] "What happened? Why is it your fault? I don't understand. Can you explain it to me?"
[484] However, no matter how many times I asked Masuyo, she only kept repeating that "I can't continue our relationship anymore, it's my fault." I was worried, so worried that I was furious, and I got up from the bench, leaving Masuyo alone. After walking a distance, I turned around and saw her still sitting alone on the bench, crying and wiping her tears. She looked so lonely that I wanted to go back to her side, but I ultimately gave in to my anger and left the park.
[485] The next day, I called her and asked for forgiveness, but she didn't change her mind. She told me not to see her again. I asked for the reason, and she still said it was her fault.
[486] I asked her if she liked someone else. Even though I was stupid, I should have realized it. Maki-chan remained silent and apologized softly.
[487] I asked her who that person was, but she kept apologizing. I slammed the phone down.
[488] That's how we broke up. I studied at the law school, while Maki-chan was in the education college. We rarely met at school, only a few times in the cafeteria and student council. But every time I saw her, my heart ached, so I quietly avoided her...
[489] The more I cared about the matter she wanted to discuss with me, the more I couldn't bear the heat in the room with only a fan. I rode my bicycle to school.
[490] The air conditioning in the Oyama group's laboratory was excellent, but it was summer vacation, and only the second-year senior, early morning, was there alone.
[491] "Has Professor Oyama come by?" I asked her.
[492] "He came by earlier to pick up some materials and dropped by for a moment before heading home. He said he has an academic presentation on the 7th, but he hasn't prepared anything for it yet, so he had to go home and prepare. Professor Oyama, who looks so meticulous and proper, isn't really like that, you know. He doesn't deserve his A-type blood at all, ha ha."
[493] "Last time at the research group's appreciation party, Professor Oyama didn't argue that blood type personality judgment isn't scientific, did he?"
[494] "No, no, blood type personality judgment is a very advanced science."
[495] Oyamaki-senpai pouted in protest.
[496] "By the way, it seems that the teacher is looking for the May 1990 issue of the International Journal of Law. He said it has the materials he wants to use in his conference, but he couldn't find it at home or here."
[497] "May 1990? Maybe I borrowed it. I'll go look for it."
[498] "Okay."
[499] Although Early Kawaguchi's desk was spread with books and notebooks, she seemed to have lost interest in studying and started chatting with me. I was more than happy to pass the time until five o'clock.
[500] The next hour, from 2:30 to 3:30, passed in idle chatter in the lab. Finally, Early Kawaguchi became serious and said, "I have to keep studying now." She turned back to her desk, and I left the lab gracefully.
[501] To confirm if I had borrowed the materials that the teacher was looking for, I returned to the apartment. After searching, I found the May 1990 issue of the International Law Journal. I put the magazine in my bag and went to "Kagura no Sato" in Oyama-machi. The teacher lives in Room 603.
[502] The teacher's desk was piled high with open books and materials, indicating that he was indeed busy preparing for the academic conference. I handed him the magazine, and he smiled, saying, "Thank you so much!"
[503] As I sipped my coffee, I kept checking my watch, thinking about my five o'clock appointment with Masayo. The teacher noticed and asked, "Do you have a date at five?"
[504] "I'm sorry, but I have to meet a friend at five o'clock..."
[505] The teacher smiled knowingly.
[506] "You go ahead, my dear. Those who are in love are willing to be second to others because they put their loved ones first."
[507] "What?"
[508] "It's a line from a poem. Is that friend a girl?"
[509] I blushed and nodded.
[510] "By the way, about a year ago, I saw you with a girl at a café near the school, and you even greeted me. Is that the same girl?"
[511] "Yes."
[512] The teacher closed his eyes, as if recalling that memory.
[513] "Hmm, I remember now. I remember her surname was quite rare. Is it Isuzu Miss, right?"
[514] "Your memory is amazing. Her name is Isuzu Matsuyo, a third-year student in the Education Department of our school."
[515] "So that's it. Alright, finish your coffee and hurry up to go on the date."
[516] I smiled again, finished my coffee in one gulp, and said "Excuse me" before leaving the teacher's room.
[517] I pedaled hard on the bike, speeding towards the apartment of Isogai Masae in Nakano Midori. The clear sky was cloudless, and the intense sunlight made me sweat profusely. Checking my watch, it was already almost five o'clock. What could Masae want to discuss with me? I wondered, feeling a youthful heart beating in my chest.
[518] "Nagai House" is a five-story apartment building. As I got closer, I noticed that the front of the building was crowded with people, and several uniformed police officers were standing around. I stopped my bike and asked the police about the situation.
[519] "What happened here?"
[520] "A resident on the fourth floor fell from their room and landed in the backyard."
[521] A resident on the fourth floor?
[522] An ominous feeling spread throughout my body.
[523] "What's the name?"
[524] "It seems to be Isogai Midori."
[525] Snapping back to reality, I pushed past the police officers blocking my way and ran towards the entrance of the apartment. Behind me, I could hear shouts of anger. I ran down the hallway, pushed open the back door, and ran into the backyard.
[526]The backyard was nearly 175 square meters. There were flower beds everywhere, and sunflowers were in full bloom. A white object lay on the ground about a meter away from the apartment building.
[527]That was Yuki. Yuki lay face up on the ground, wearing a white dress and a pair of slippers.
[528]As I approached her, the police officers on the scene tackled me, pinning me down. My right hand was twisted behind my back, causing intense pain.
[529]"What are you doing here!"
[530]A middle-aged, sharp-faced detective roared at me.
[531] "I'm a friend of Masayuki Yoshida. We were supposed to meet at 5 o'clock."
[532] "—The victim's friend?"
[533] The hand holding my right arm let go, and I rubbed my arm.
[534] "What's your name?"
[535] "Kouichi Takagi."
[536] I told the long-nosed detective about the phone call I received from Makiko Nakajima at 2 pm in the afternoon.
[537] "Something to discuss? Do you know what it's about?"
[538] "She didn't give me any details. Can you tell me what happened to Makiko first?"
[539] "She was pushed off her balcony. The building manager found the body around 4:30 pm while watering the plants. He called 110."
[540] The detective stared intently at me.
[541] "By the way, you claim to be a friend of the victim. What kind of relationship do you have exactly? You call her Masayuki, are you lovers?"
[542] "— We were. We broke up six months ago."
[543] "So, the victim wanted to talk to her ex-boyfriend...?"
[544] Suspicion was clearly written on the police officer's face.
[545] "Where were you and what were you doing around 3pm this afternoon?"
[546] I was taken aback.
[547] "——Around 3 pm, right? That means Masayuki fell at 3 pm."
[548] "Yes. The estimated time of death was around 3 pm according to the forensic examination."
[549] "You suspect me?"
[550] "It's just a routine inquiry."
[551] "If it was around three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the university's research room. A senior sister can vouch for me."
[552] "The research room, from what time to what time?"
[553] "From two thirty to three thirty, I stayed for an hour."
[554] "There's no need to suspect you, but since we're asking, let's be thorough. Which university is it, and which research room?"
[555] "Mingyang University's International Law Department's Research Room of Professor Oyama Jun'ichiro."
[556] The sharp-nosed detective left, leaving me alone in the hot corner of the backyard, waiting.
[557] The clear blue sky gradually turned into twilight, and occasionally a breeze blew, causing the sunflowers in the flower bed to sway. Nearby, members of the forensic department were still taking pictures everywhere, and detectives came and went hurriedly.
[558] It seemed that the body of Masae had been examined, and was being carried on a stretcher. My gaze followed her absent-mindedly.
[559] Unbelievable. Just three hours ago, I had heard her voice that I missed. The sound was still ringing in my ears, but the person was gone. I would never hear that clear and gentle voice again.
[560] "We verified your testimony."
[561] The long-faced detective reappeared thirty minutes later.
[562] "Yes, you were in the lab from 2:30 to 3:30. That's what the graduate student, Sasaki, testified to."
[563] "Who is the culprit?"
[564] "We haven't determined that yet. We have questioned the residents of the building, but we haven't received any eyewitness accounts. The residents here are mostly students and single working-class people, and most of them are at home at this time. The other side of the building is also covered by fireproof cloth during renovation, so we can't expect any eyewitness accounts from there."
[565] I looked around the backyard. The surrounding buildings formed a rectangular space. "Yongjing Estate" and the opposite apartment building were the two long sides of the rectangle, while the other two sides were two-story low-rise houses. Moreover, except for the opposite side, "Yongjing Estate" was surrounded by high concrete walls on the other three sides. So, it was unlikely to expect any eyewitness accounts from the surrounding area.
[566] "Did the perpetrator leave any fingerprints at the scene?"
[567] "Unfortunately, no. The perpetrator carefully wiped the door handle of the entrance, removing his own fingerprints. Moreover, there was a glass cup of barley tea on the table in the victim's room, and another washed glass cup in the kitchen sink. This situation is quite clear, isn't it?"
[568] "Miyuki invited the perpetrator into the house and prepared two cups of barley tea for herself and the perpetrator. The perpetrator was worried about leaving his fingerprints on the cup after the crime, so he went to the kitchen to wash the cup he used. Is that right?"
[569] "Yes. I thought the perpetrator who dared to push a person down from the balcony in broad daylight would be a bold and daring person. I didn't expect him to be so meticulous."
[570] "Did Miyuki suffer a lot before she died?"
[571] "I had already observed her and did not find any signs of violence on her body. She was wearing clothes and there were no signs of struggle."
[572] "The suspect must have pushed her off the balcony while standing next to her on the balcony."
[573] "The detective said he might need to question me again and asked for my address, phone number, and student ID. Then he let me go."
[574] "Now, the clock shows 8:05. The darkness has enveloped everything, and the only sound that can be heard is the sound of the fan turning."
[575] "After returning from Masuko's apartment, I went to the stationery store and bought this notebook. Then, I began to record the events of today."
[576] I am writing this diary to find the killer of Masako. By calmly reviewing the events recorded in the diary, I may be able to make some sense of it.
[577] The police are not reliable. The sharp-faced detective immediately suspected me after hearing that I had broken up with Masako six months ago. Such a police officer is not worth trusting.
[578] As a law student, I have accumulated a lot of experience in logical reasoning. It's time to apply what I've learned.
[579] What did Masako want to discuss with me? Perhaps what she wanted to say was related to the truth of her murder.
[580] I must find the killer of Masako, I must.
[581] September 2nd
[582] At around 9:30 in the morning, Masayuki's mother, Fujiko Aunt, called.
[583] "It's been a while," Fujiko Aunt said, trying to keep her voice calm.
[584] "You must have heard by now, yesterday, Masayuki passed away."
[585] "Yes."
[586] "It seems your daughter had something to talk to you about and called to meet with you. Then you went to your daughter's apartment and found out what happened... That's what the detective told me."
[587] "That's right..."
[588] "I suppose the detective asked you some very rude questions. I apologize for that."
[589] "It's alright, don't worry about it."
[590] "Today afternoon, I'll be going to the hospital to pick up my daughter. We'll be having a vigil for her tonight and a funeral tomorrow afternoon at 2 pm at the funeral home. I'm sorry to make such a request, but if it's not too much trouble, could you join us?"
[591] Before parting with Masayo, I visited her hometown in Shizuoka City several times. Her mother, Aya-san, is a cheerful and gentle woman who always warmly welcomed me. My parents passed away in a car accident when I was in middle school, and I was reluctantly raised by distant relatives after that. So, I always considered Masayo's house as my own home.
[592] The pain of parting with Masayo was not only due to her leaving, but also because I could no longer return to that home and no longer receive Aya-san's care.
[593] "Thank you very much. I'll definitely go."
[594] For a while after that, I stayed indoors and thought hard. The September sun was definitely beyond "mild," and the only thing in the room was a fan, making it unbearably hot. However, I was so engrossed in my thoughts that I didn't even notice the heat.
[595] Since there were no signs of struggle on Masayo's body, it can be assumed that the perpetrator pushed her down unexpectedly when she was not prepared.
[596] For example, the criminal walks onto the balcony, looks down at the backyard, pretends to find something, and calls for the Maki to come and see. Maki walks onto the balcony, leans over the railing, and slightly leans forward to look down. The criminal takes advantage of this moment, squats down, and suddenly grabs Maki's feet and stands up. As a result, Maki loses balance and falls from the balcony…
[597] Then, is the perpetrator male or female? Considering physical factors, it is more likely to be a male. However, it is not appropriate to exclude females solely based on this. More rigorous reasoning is required.
[598] When interacting with her, the only pair of slippers prepared on Miyuki's balcony is a pair of women's slippers that fit her own feet. Let's assume that this is still the case. If the perpetrator is a woman, she would be wearing those slippers when she goes to the balcony. Therefore, when she calls Miyuki to the balcony, Miyuki would not have any slippers on. Consequently, Miyuki should go to the entrance hall to retrieve her own shoes and then proceed to the balcony. This way, Miyuki should be wearing her own shoes when she falls.
[599] However, the actual situation is that the falling Miyako was wearing slippers. This indicates that the culprit was wearing shoes other than slippers when Miyako was called to the balcony. Shoes other than slippers can only be the shoes placed at the entrance. The culprit went to the balcony wearing his own shoes from the beginning, without wearing slippers, which means the culprit couldn't wear Miyako's slippers - in other words, the culprit is male.
[600] Of course, even if the culprit is a woman, she may not wear the prepared slippers but instead take her own shoes from the entrance to go to the balcony. However, if this were the case, it would likely arouse Suspect's suspicion, right? A careful culprit would not do something that would easily invite suspicion, so it is more reasonable to assume that the culprit is male.
[601] The criminal is male...
[602] This possibility has me in a state of confusion. The man entered the person in the kimono's room and stood next to her on the balcony, looking very intimate. Male friend? – No, it is clearly a lover.
[603] It is now around 10:30 pm. I just came back from watching over the person in the kimono's body. I am writing this diary in a business hotel near the JR Shizuoka Station.
[604] I know the reason why the person in the kimono was killed. This reason has given me a huge shock.
[605] I arrived at the person in the kimono's house at 7 pm. I couldn't help but recall the various things that happened when the person in the kimono brought me to this house, as well as her smile and carefree steps at that time. It was only half a year ago, but it feels like it has been a long time.
[606] I rang the doorbell, and the door was opened by Auntie Fujimura, who was wearing mourning clothes. She looks a lot like Masae, but a little thinner. Seeing me, Auntie Fujimura managed a smile on her weary face.
[607] "—It's good that you came. Please come in."
[608] The coffin was placed in the living room on the first floor. Sitting silently next to it was a man in his fifties wearing a suit. I didn't recognize him.
[609] "—He's Masae's father," Auntie Fujimura whispered to me.
[610]
[611] It is rare to hear about her father from Matsuko's mouth. It is known that he had an affair with a colleague at his workplace and left home with the mistress during Matsuko's high school years. Eight months ago, Aunt Fuyu and her husband divorced, and Matsuko changed her surname from "Harada" to her mother's surname "Isuzu".
[612] The father of Mashi's clothing, deeply lowered his head and said, "I am Hironobu Harada." I quickly bowed back and nervously introduced myself.
[613] Aunt Fumiko hesitated before speaking.
[614] "Although it's a bit awkward to tell you this, it's better for you to know. So, I'll tell you. Detective-san told me that the autopsy results showed that Masayuki had been pregnant for three months and it was a boy."
[615] "Pregnant for three months…"
[616] My heart was torn apart by a sharp knife. Six months ago, when I broke up with Miyuki, I had already guessed that she had fallen in love with someone else, but I never thought that my guess would be confirmed in the form of pregnancy.
[617] "The detective believes that this is the reason for her murder. The police suspect that the perpetrator is Miyuki's child's father, but her pregnancy would have a huge impact on him, so he killed Miyuki."
[618] From the slippers on the balcony, I deduced the conclusion that "the perpetrator is a male who is close to Miyuki," which coincides with the police's guess.
[619] "…Do you know who Miyuki's new lover is?"
[620] "The detective also asked this question, but neither I nor Haneda have any idea. Miyuki never mentioned it to us. She used to call us happily to report on your relationship… It seems that the detective also asked Miyuki's friends, but she didn't mention it to them either."
[621] "Why did Masayuki keep so quiet?"
[622] Aunt Fujiko sadly shook her head.
[623] "I don't know... Masayuki often talked about you, but she never mentioned her new lover..."
[624] "Could you tell me the blood type of Masayuki's child?"
[625] "I heard it's AB type."
[626] Masuko is B blood type, which means her child's father is either A or AB blood type. As an O blood type, it seems that the last possibility of being connected to Masuko is ruled out.
[627] Aunt Fuyuzi muttered to herself.
[628] "By the way, what is Masuko going to discuss with you...?"
[629] "Could it be related to the baby in her belly?"
[630] "I don't think so. If it's about the baby, she should come to me first, as her mother."
[631] "Indeed…"
[632] Suddenly, a repulsive thought occurred to me. What if Miyuki was going to tell me she was pregnant and ask me to recognize the child as my own even though there is no blood relation?
[633] I felt disgusted with myself for having such a thought. Miyuki is not that kind of woman. Although our relationship has not been long, I have already experienced her sincerity. If she knew I had such a thought for a moment, Fuyuki-san would surely be disappointed in me.
[634] So, what does Miyuki want to discuss with me? What is the "only thing" she can discuss with me?
[635] In a hotel room, I pondered hard.
[636] Who is Matsuri's new lover? What kind of person would Matsuri prefer over me?
[637] Thinking about this was painful, but I couldn't avoid it. I had to find the killer of Matsuri.
[638] First, blood type.
[639] From Matsuri and her child's blood types, the new lover's blood type could only be A or AB. That's the first condition.
[640] Next, age.
[641] The Dresser often tells me, "I like your maturity and stability." Indeed, compared to other students, I am a bit more mature. Because I am older than most of my classmates by three or four years. After my parents died, I was adopted by a distant relative who did not get along well with me. I left home completely after graduating from high school and lived in an iron factory for four years, earning enough tuition to go to college. So not only am I older than other students, but I also have much more social experience. Perhaps this is the so-called maturity and stability that the Dresser mentioned.
[642] However, in the days leading up to the breakup, the Dresser would sometimes say, "You are so childish." Now I think, this must be the conclusion she drew after comparing me with her new lover. Compared to other students, I am much more mature, but in front of that man, I will seem childish. This suggests that it should be an older mature man. Definitely not a student, and much older than the Dresser. This is the second condition.
[643] There is another obvious condition. According to Aunt Fushimi, the Dresser never mentioned anything about her new lover to her family or friends and kept it a secret. However, when she was dating me, she often talked about me to her family and friends. This contrast can only mean one thing, that her new lover is an object that cannot be exposed.
[644] An object that cannot be exposed - this is the third condition.
[645] What are the possible objects that cannot be exposed? The first thing that comes to mind is a married man. If he is a married man, he also meets the second condition of being much older than the Dresser. Is the Dresser an affair?
[646] However, "The Clothier" hates infidelity. Because of her father's infidelity, her mother has suffered countless hardships these years, and "The Clothier" has witnessed it all. I don't think "The Clothier" would repeat the same mistake.
[647] So, is "The Clothier's" new lover a member of the triad or something similar? If so, they would definitely scare their relatives and friends, which is why she never mentions him.
[648] However, this is a bit silly. "The Clothier" hates anything related to violence. She likes intellectual and calm things.
[649] I don't understand. What kind of person is the unexposed relationship partner?
[650] September 3rd
[651] Matsuri's funeral began at 2 pm in a state-owned funeral home in the Shiojiri district of Shizuoka City.
[652] I arrived at the funeral home at 1:40 pm. The curtains were drawn, and numerous metal chairs were neatly arranged. Almost half of the guests had already taken their seats.
[653] There were around 30 young people, probably her classmates or members of her research group. The girls were mostly crying with red eyes. The older men and women who occasionally talked to them were likely the mentors of the research group or teachers from elementary, middle, and high school.
[654] There were three men who seemed unrelated to Matsuri at the funeral. They had sharp eyes and wore black suits. I recognized one of them as the long-faced detective. It is said that criminals often attend the funerals of their victims, and it seems that this rumor is not unfounded. They three pretended to be casual, observing all the guests at the funeral.
[655] In the family area, Aya-san and Harumi-san sat side by side. They looked suddenly old, bowing their heads and hunching their backs.
[656] The altar at the front of the hall was decorated with a coffin and a photo of Masayuki. She was smiling happily in the frame, and her smile radiated happiness that made it hard to believe that such a life would suddenly come to an end. I felt suffocated.
[657] Looking at that smile, memories of the day I met Masayuki came flooding back to me.
[658] Two years ago, on May 19th, in the afternoon, at the central station of the Tokaido Shinkansen in the city of Atsugi.
[659] At that time, I was in a severe state of depression. Ever since my parents passed away, I had been deeply troubled by anxiety and tension. But in front of my adoptive relatives, I had to hide my true feelings. After working, I was exhausted every day, and I had to study late into the night to prepare for exams. Despite the hardships, I couldn't quit my job at the iron factory to earn enough money for tuition. Would I be able to attend my dream university and become a scholar, or would I spend the rest of my life in this environment? I was tormented by these doubts every day. As a reaction, I still managed to get into university.
[660] My heart felt heavy as lead, and the world around me seemed to have lost its meaning. I couldn't even remember why I had been working so hard.
[661] I had no one to confide in. Working every day to make ends meet left me with no time to connect with my fellow research group members.
[662] On that day, I took a rare break and decided to go out. I wanted to see the sea, so I headed to the port in Tokyo Bay.
[663] As the train approached from the end of the platform, a sudden urge to jump onto the tracks overwhelmed me. It would be over, and I wouldn't have to carry this heavy heart or suffer from the meaninglessness of the world anymore. I took a step forward.
[664] Just then, someone gently tapped my shoulder.
[665] I snapped out of it and turned around, only to find a petite young woman standing behind me, smiling timidly.
[666] "I'm sorry. I think you didn't notice, but your collar is up…"
[667] I looked down at my short-sleeved shirt and realized that the collar was indeed up. I must have forgotten to flip it down due to my gloomy mood.
[668] I stammered my thanks to her. The sound of the train coming to a stop echoed behind me. The impulse had completely disappeared, and I shuddered at the thought of what I had just done.
[669] Then, I looked intently at the woman in front of me. She had short, neat hair, a fair, pure face, and doe-like eyes. She wore a white shirt and a green plaid pleated skirt, carrying a handbag. If she hadn't tapped me on the shoulder, I would have jumped down and become a corpse on the tracks. She saved my life. At that moment, in the loathsome station platform, a beam of spotlight seemed to shine on her, radiant.
[670] The train doors opened, and we entered the carriage. There were two empty seats next to each other, so we sat down together.
[671] "Excuse me, are you the student representative who spoke at the entrance ceremony?"
[672] She suddenly spoke to me, startling me.
[673] "Yes, that's right…"
[674] It was humorous that I, who had been selected as the student representative to speak at the entrance ceremony, soon fell into a depressed state.
[675] "I'm also a student at Meiying University. I'm in the College of Education, in my first year. My name is Harada Masayo."
[676] "I'm Takao Tadao from the Law School."
[677] "You're the student representative? Impressive. Your entrance exam scores must have been excellent."
[678] "Not really. I was just the oldest among the new students."
[679] She laughed and blushed, then quickly apologized.
[680] "It's okay, I don't mind. Being the oldest is a fact, after all. Probably about three or four years older than everyone else."
[681] I told her about my four years of working at a steel factory. Her eyes widened in surprise.
[682] I began to enjoy our conversation. My heavy heart gradually relaxed, and the gray scenery that had been painted over it slowly regained its colors. In that moment when she unknowingly saved my life, I fell in love with her.
[683] "Where are you going?" I asked her.
[684] "To the Ueno Western Art Museum. I love visiting art galleries, and I specifically chose to attend a university in Tokyo for that reason."
[685] "Are you going alone?"
[686] "Yes. I invited my friends to go with me, but they all refused, saying 'you're like an old lady.' So I had to go alone..."
[687] At that time, I made a very bold request.
[688] "Would it be okay if I went with you?"
[689] I was filled with the desire to stay by her side as much as possible, for as long as I could. But as soon as I said it, I regretted it, worried that she might dislike me. I squinted my eyes, waiting to see her smile disappear from her face.
[690] However, her smile did not disappear.
[691] "But what about your own affairs, Mr. Takagawa?"
[692] "I don't have any. I just came here to kill time."
[693] "That's great, then. Let's go together."
[694] She spoke without hesitation.
[695] That afternoon, we went to the Western Art Museum together. Afterwards, we had tea and cake in a café, exchanging our thoughts on the artworks. At Higashi-Fujisawa Station, we exchanged phone numbers. Before parting, we agreed to visit another art museum on my next day off.
[696] That's when I met her, the one who saved my life and made me fall in love. The world finally had meaning for me.
[697] "But I couldn't save Masae. Masae saved my life, but when she was in the most pain, I was powerless to do anything."
[698] At the end of the funeral, it was time for the funeral procession. Since the funeral home had a crematorium, we didn't have to go far. At the exit of the hall, a flatbed cart was prepared to transport the coffin. Who would carry the coffin? As I was lost in thought, Fujiko-san waved at me. I walked over to her.
[699] "Kouichi-kun, could you help carry the coffin?"
[700] "…Is it okay?
[701] "Of course."
[702] Mr. Harada, Aunt Fujiko's brother, Miyuki's research group's supervisor, the middle school homeroom teacher, the funeral home staff, and I, the six of us lifted the coffin and placed it on the platform cart. The funeral home staff pushed the cart towards the crematorium, and Mr. Harada and Aunt Fujiko, holding the portrait of Miyuki, led the guests at the funeral to follow behind.
[703] The platform cart stopped in front of the crematorium's furnace. The employee said, "Now, please say your final goodbyes." They opened the coffin lid. Miyuki, beautifully made up, lay peacefully among the flowers, her eyes closed, as if she were simply sleeping. Aunt Fujiko covered her face with her hands, and there were sniffles from the guests.
[704] Goodbye, Miyuki, I whispered in my heart. Although our time together was brief, I truly felt happiness from the bottom of my heart.
[705] The employee closed the coffin, opened the furnace door, and pushed the coffin inside. The sound of the door closing callously pierced my ears.
[706] Watching the closed furnace door, I suddenly realized my mission.
[707] The day I met Miyuki, she saved my life, but I couldn't save her. So, the only thing I can do now is to kill the person who killed Miyuki.
[708] Even if I find the perpetrator and report it to the police, the perpetrator would only serve a few years in prison at most. After the sentence is served, they would be released back into society, enjoying the free air once again. However, Miyuki's life was forever taken away, which is absolutely unfair.
[709] Since Miyuki's life was taken away, the perpetrator must also die.
[710] Perhaps, my initial intention of wanting to find the perpetrator without relying on the police was actually this. However, killing is still too terrible, so I unconsciously ignored this point and came up with the "police are unreliable" excuse to console myself.
[711] This won't do. I must face my own conscience. I have to kill the murderer.
[712] If I kill the murderer, I will be pursued by the police. But it doesn't matter anymore.
[713] I couldn't protect Matsuri. When she needed me the most, I couldn't protect her from the murderer's hands.
[714] For someone like me, the only thing I can do for Matsuri now is to seek revenge.
[715] While waiting for Matsuri's ashes to arrive, the attendees of the funeral gathered in the waiting room to rest.
[716] Mr. Harada occasionally speaks softly to Aunt Fujiko, comforting her. Ironically, the pain of losing Yuki-chan has become the catalyst that brings them back together. Perhaps Yuki-chan's surname will change from "Isogai" back to "Harada"...
[717] As I think about this, I suddenly recall something strange.
[718] It happened when I returned "International Law" to Professor Iseki. I was so focused on meeting Yuki-chan at 5 pm that I caught Professor Iseki's attention. When he found out I was going to see a girl, he remembered seeing me and Yuki-chan at a coffee shop near the university a year ago. His exact words were, "I remember her surname is quite rare. Isogai-san, right?"
[719] However, when Professor Iseki saw Yuki-chan, her parents had not yet divorced. That means she was still using her father's surname, "Harada." He should have introduced her as "Harada."
[720] Yet, Professor Iseki said "Isogai."
[721] This clearly indicates that Professor Iwamura saw Miyuki-san eight months ago, after Mr. Harada and Aunt Fujiko divorced and Miyuki-san changed her surname to "Isogai."
[722] Despite this, Professor Iwamura didn't mention it. He intentionally concealed the fact that he had met Miyuki-san again after that chance encounter a year ago.
[723] But why did he hide it?
[724] A highly improbable possibility came to mind.
[725] Could it be that Miyuki-san's new lover, the father of her child, is Professor Iwamura?
[726] First, the blood type is A. We had discussed the topic of blood type personality judgment during the research group's congratulatory meeting, and he vehemently insisted that such judgments were not reliable, using himself as an example, saying that he was an A-type blood but not at all meticulous.
[727] The father of Yuki's child must be either A or AB blood, which is a condition that is met.
[728] Second, he is fifty-two years old this year. Much older than Yuki. Intellectual and mature. The type that Yuki likes.
[729] Third, he is an undisclosed relationship object. While it would not pose any problem for Yuki to date a single university teacher from another college; however, Mr. Oyama must avoid letting the school leadership know about this. The school has suffered greatly from teacher-student relationships in the past, so it considers them taboo. If this relationship were to be exposed, Mr. Oyama would definitely face serious penalties. That's why Yuki kept it a secret from her mother and friends.
[730] With this in mind, I seem to understand what Yuki wants to discuss with me.
[731] Of course, I know nothing about these things. But Maki, desperate because of her pregnancy, grabbed the last possible lifeline and dialed my phone.
[732] I'm sure she mustered up a lot of courage to ask these questions to her ex-boyfriend.
[733] The fact that Maki finally chose to confide in me also proves the hypothesis that Mr. Otsuka is Maki's new lover.
[734] I have always respected Mr. Otsuka. The thought that Mr. Otsuka killed Maki suddenly swept over me, leaving me in a daze.
[735] Could it be that Mr. Otsuka killed Maki? The hair-raising doubt suddenly swept over me, leaving me in a daze.
[736] At that time, Auntie Fujimi approached me and whispered, "I have something to say to you. Can I come with you?" I followed her out of the waiting room and sat on a bench in the lobby.
[737] Auntie Fujimi stared at my face. Her eyes and nose were red. After looking at me for a long time, she finally spoke.
[738] "I'm worried, so I'll just say it straight... Are you thinking of doing something stupid?""
[739] "Stupid things, such as?"
[740] "I don't know... like suicide... or... "
[741] "Or?"
[742] "Or finding the killer of Masae-san and seeking revenge for her."
[743] I shuddered and forced a smile on my face.
[744] "How could I? Although I hate the culprit, I can't do anything about it with my strength. Let the police handle it. Thinking about murder... it makes me uncomfortable."
[745] Aunt Fuyu seemed convinced by what I said and nodded.
[746] "That's good, that's good. Sorry, I said something strange."
[747] "Don't worry, please don't pay attention to it."
[748] "However... seeing your condition, I am really worried."
[749] "Do I look strange?"
[750] "Continuously pondering... it seems like making a huge decision. Although I can't quite explain what I'm thinking of doing, I feel that it's a decision that will bring misfortune to your life..."
[751] "I'm fine, don't worry about me."
[752] "I'll believe you on that. I see you as my own child. My daughter has already left, and I don't want to lose another son. Please take care of yourself."
[753] "Thank you."
[754] Tears suddenly welled up, and I quickly turned my face away. Aunt Fujiko's words touched my heart deeply. For a moment, my resolve to avenge her was shaken. But I couldn't give up on revenge. It's the only thing I can do for Masako-san.
[755] Just after 9 PM. I took the Shinkansen back to Tokyo and continued writing in my apartment.
[756] No matter how I think about it, Mr. Otsuka is the one who killed Miyuki. Should I seek revenge on him?
[757] He was my teacher, after all. Can I really hurt him?
[758] Even though I'm almost certain the culprit is Mr. Otsuka, I don't have concrete evidence. Although he mistakenly called Miyuki's surname as "Isogai," it could have been from what I told him.
[759] If Mr. Otsuka didn't kill Miyuki, he would probably look at me with confusion, asking, "What are you talking about?" Then I would apologize to him. I don't know if he would forgive me, but I would genuinely apologize. However, if the culprit really is Mr. Otsuka, his face would surely show shock and embarrassment. At that moment, I would seek revenge on him.
[760] I'm wearing the short-sleeved shirt I was wearing when I first met Miyuki. The one she reminded me to raise my collar, the shirt filled with memories. The one that saved my life and became the catalyst for our mutual understanding. This shirt will give me strength.
[761] Everything is over. I killed Otsuka Jun'ichi.
[762] When I arrived at the Ueda-cho Tsutsuji Garden at 9:30 PM.
[763] "I apologize for disturbing you so late, but I have to talk to the teacher about something important…"
[764] I said this, and Otsuka's face was filled with questions, but he still let me in.
[765] I was taken to the study. The desk was still piled with papers and notes, as if he was still preparing for the seventh academic presentation. Otsuka asked me to sit on the sofa.
[766] "So, what do you want to talk about?"
[767] "It was the teacher who killed Masae."
[768] I said it straight out. Okubo's face turned pale in an instant.
[769] "——What kind of nonsense is this? Don't say such stupid things!"
[770] Okubo's reaction confirmed my theory beyond a doubt.
[771] I began my reasoning from the slippers on the balcony, pointing out that the man who killed Masayuki was someone close to her. Then, I further explained that it was her lover who killed her, using the fact that she was three months pregnant.
[772] "——The only one who could have killed her was her lover? But what does that have to do with me?"
[773] I pointed out Ozawa's slip of the tongue during our meeting the other day. Although he met Masayuki a year ago when she was still Ms. Harada, he referred to her as "Isuzu-san, right?" This means that the father of Masayuki's child must be either type A or AB blood, and Ozawa, who is type A, fits the bill. His new lover is much older than me. Since she hasn't mentioned anything about her mother or friends, her new lover must be someone she can't reveal.
[774] "I said Isuzu? That must have been something you told me later. I just found out about the divorce and the name change now."
[775] As expected, he claimed to have heard it from me.
[776] "Teacher, do you know about DNA testing?"
[777] "DNA testing?"
[778] "With that technology, we can confirm the parent-child relationship. I know that the child in Masayo's belly is yours. However, if you insist on denying it, we can ask the police to conduct a DNA test to see the results."
[779] "Whoever wants to do it, do it. I'm not going to do it!"
[780] "If the child is not yours, why not do a DNA test to prove your innocence?"
[781] Ōmura bit his lips, his eyes flickering up and down, saying nothing. He must have been thinking of a counterargument. However, after a while, he reluctantly spoke in a low voice.
[782] "—It was me."
[783] "Why did you start dating Masayo?"
[784] Ōmura muttered, telling the story of how it all began.
[785] A year ago, at a café near the university, I met Masayo and Ōmura. When I introduced my girlfriend Masayo to Ōmura, he took an interest in her. Later, he pretended to accidentally meet Masayo again, took her out to dinner. At the time, he asked Masayo to keep it a secret so as not to worry me. He then repeatedly took Masayo to the art museum or to the movies, and their relationship gradually deepened.
[786] Masayo began to be attracted to Ödai, and her feelings for me gradually faded. This caused her great distress. Continuing to date me while no longer having feelings for me was unfair to me, so—after half a year, Masayo decided to break up with me. I didn't know she had fallen for Ödai at the time. Masayo was aware that I respected Ödai and feared that revealing the truth would hurt me.
[787] After our breakup, Masayo was tormented by guilt every day. As an escape, she deepened her relationship with Ödai, and they became intimate. A month later, she found out she was pregnant. Masayo thought about it and decided to tell Ödai, hoping to marry him.
[788] "…I'm not someone who can be tied down by marriage. I've said it many times, but she wouldn't listen. The other day, she called me at noon, saying she wanted to talk and asked me to come to her apartment at 3 pm. I went, and she told me she wouldn't leave me and insisted on having the baby. If that's the case, my life would be like carrying a bomb every day. She's become so foreign and distant to me. I wanted to go to the balcony to take a breath of fresh air. I saw only a pair of women's slippers on the balcony, which I couldn't fit into. So, I went to the entrance to get my own shoes and went up to the balcony. As I looked at the opposite apartment covered in fire blankets, I suddenly felt possessed and thought that if I pushed her off now, no one would notice. With the fire blankets, the people on the other side wouldn't see this side…I said, 'There's something strange in the backyard,' and called her over. She put on the slippers and came to the balcony. I pointed down, and she leaned over the railing to look. I immediately squatted down, grabbed her leg, and stood up. She fell down instantly, without even a chance to cry out. I looked down, and she lay there motionless, face up. From the fourth floor, she wouldn't have survived. It was then that I came to my senses and felt a great fear. I went back to the room, washed the glass cup I had drunk tea from to remove fingerprints, and wiped the doorknob clean. Then, I left the apartment. You came to return the 'International Law' not long after. I could tell you were waiting for a girl, so I guessed you might have been waiting for Masayo. I tried to keep my composure and not show any signs of doubt. I even rushed you to leave early, afraid you would suspect something…"
[789] After finally finishing his story, Ödai collapsed into the couch, drained.
[790] My thoughts ultimately coalesced into one emotion: a cold, murderous intent. I decided to kill him. If it were now, I could do it.
[791] "——What are you going to do? Tell the police?"
[792] "No."
[793] "No? That means you're going to keep it a secret?"
[794] What a self-centered man. I stood up and picked up the paper knife on the desk.
[795] Seeing this scene, Oyama's facial features twisted into a knot.
[796] "Are you...?"
[797] I approached him, and he struggled to stand up, turning his back to me and trying to escape. I held the paper knife in my right hand and plunged it into his back. Okura's body collapsed, lying on the floor.
[798] I checked his pulse and confirmed that he was dead. Coincidentally, the paper knife seemed to have pierced his heart from behind. The man who had just a few hours ago filled me with respect now left me with anger and contempt. His shocked face was pressed against the floor, lifeless.
[799] Checking my watch, it was 10:02 PM.
[800] I wiped the paper knife's handle with a handkerchief, removing any fingerprints.
[801] Then, I wrapped my fingers with the handkerchief again, turned off the air conditioning, and turned off the lights. I went to the entrance, wiped the door handle on the inside of the door. Then, I wrapped my hand with the handkerchief again, turned the inside door handle, and went to the corridor. I closed the door and wiped the door handle on the outside with the handkerchief. This way, all my fingerprints in Ochiai's room should have been wiped off.
[802] As I walked out of the corridor, a woman in her forties approached me from the direction of the stairs. I was startled. She was carrying a handbag and walking tiredly. She must have been working late and just getting home. I didn't want her to see my face, so I continued to walk quickly. I heard a door closing behind me. It turned out that she was Ochiai's neighbor.
[803] There was a possibility that she saw me come out of Ochiai's room. No, don't think about it. It's okay. I told myself. She came up the stairs to the corridor after I closed the door, so she probably didn't see the moment I came out of Ochiai's room.
[804] Even if she really witnessed that scene, the police would probably question the neighbors a few days later when they found the body, and by then she would have forgotten who came out of Ochiai's room that night. Don't worry.
[805] After all, what would it matter if they knew that I was the one who killed Ochiai? I am an only child and have no siblings. My parents passed away in a car accident when I was in middle school. Although distant relatives adopted me, I left that home after graduating from high school and have never seen or contacted them again. My friends might be shocked by my actions and saddened, but it shouldn't have a significant impact on their lives.
[806] ——Please take good care of yourself.
[807] The words of Aunt Fujimi from Masayo's funeral come to mind again.
[808] I betrayed her trust. If she knew I killed Okura, Aunt Fujimi would be very angry and very sad. But I had no choice.
[809] Masayo, I avenged you. Are you happy?
[810] No, you wouldn't be happy.
[811] Your heart is so kind that you wouldn't want to see the man who killed you killed, right?
[812] Moreover, I am the man you abandoned. It's not something to be happy about to be avenged by such a man.
[813] I know all that. Killing Oyama was just my way of satisfying myself.
[814] But I had no choice. It's the only thing I can do for you. It's the only way I can make up for not being by your side when you were most in pain, for not being able to protect you properly.
[815] Terauda sighed and gently closed the old notebook.
[816] On the stained worktable in the assistant's room, there was not only the notebook but also a sheath knife and a polyethylene bag containing the victim's clothes. These were the evidence from a murder case that occurred in Hachioji City in September 1993, twenty years ago.
[817] What Templeton had just read was the diary left by the deceased suspect. He didn't intend to read it at first. However, while doing the task of attaching a QR code label to each evidence bag, he suddenly became interested and took the notebook out of the bag and opened it. As he followed the neat penmanship on the notebook with his eyes, he became engrossed in reading and when he came back to his senses, he had finished reading the entire diary.
[818] Templeton has been assigned to the Criminal Records Library located in Towa City for three months. His main job is to attach labels. The Criminal Records Library is building a data system where basic information about the evidence can be seen on a computer by scanning the QR code label on the evidence bag. The director reads the investigation materials of the case and compiles the information, which is then sent to Templeton's computer via email. Templeton then matches the information with the QR code and attaches the label to the evidence bag.
[819] The person in charge of building this system is the current director. After assuming office eight years ago, she immediately began establishing the system based on the CCRS (Criminal Case Retrieval System) of the Metropolitan Police Department. Although she is busy logging in new case information every day, the Criminal Records Library only has two full-time employees, the director and the assistant, so the progress of the work is slow. Eight years later, they have just started to log in the cases from 1993.
[820] Templeton is now dealing with the evidence from a murder case that occurred in Hachioji City in September 1993.
[821] In this case, there were three victims. The incident began with the murder of a female college student on September 1. A third-year student at the College of Education at Meiji Central University named Isuzu Yoshino was pushed off the balcony of her fourth-floor apartment in the "Nagai district" of Nihonbashi and fell to her death. She was three months pregnant at the time of her death. Although the police suspected the father of the child to be the perpetrator, neither the victim's parents nor her friends knew the identity of the suspect.
[822] On September 4, a theft occurred at a student dormitory called "Senri-so" in the town of Hinode. The thief broke into three rooms on the first floor by breaking the window glass with a glass knife and reaching in to open the window. All the residents of the rooms were college students, and they were all in the dorm at the time of the theft. The stolen items included savings books and cash, among others. The investigating officer noticed that one of the victims, a third-year law student named Takao Hosaka, showed signs of agitation and seemed suspicious. The other two victims were simply upset that they had not noticed the intruder, but Hosaka seemed particularly anxious and kept looking around nervously. Although the officer found this suspicious, he did not question Hosaka further, as he was still a victim in the case.
[823] The reason for Hosaka's agitation surfaced in an unexpected way on September 6. That day, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department received a package. Inside the package was a notebook and a letter, with messy handwriting stating, "I found this notebook among the things stolen on the fourth, and after reading it, I thought the police might be interested, so I sent it." The writing was done with the non-dominant hand to avoid recognition of the handwriting and there were no fingerprints left.
[824] The investigators were shocked by the contents of the diary. It was written by Hosaka Takao. It turned out that Hosaka was the ex-boyfriend of the deceased Isuzu Yoshino and had deduced on his own that the father of Yoshino's child, and therefore the killer of Yoshino, was his own research group's advisor, Otsuka Jun'ichi. On the night of the funeral on September 3, he killed Otsuka with a pair of scissors.
[825] The police immediately dispatched investigators to the residence of Otsuka Jun'ichi in the town of Higashiu. Indeed, they found the body of Otsuka, who had been murdered, in the study. As described in the diary, Otsuka had been stabbed in the back with a pair of scissors and had died instantly. There were no fingerprints on the scissors.
[826] The reason for Takao Kouichi's agitation on September 4th became clear in an unexpected way. He discovered that his diary had been stolen, and it contained his confession of killing Otsuka. It was only natural for him to feel uneasy. The thief read the diary and, surprisingly, showed a sense of justice that did not match his identity, and sent the diary to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department.
[827] The police went to Senryo-So to question Takao Kouichi, but they found that he had already left. Takao Kouichi saw the police coming and fled. The police quickly tracked him down and pursued him. Takao Kouichi was cornered at a street corner when a large truck suddenly turned the corner and hit him head-on. Takao Kouichi died instantly.
[828] The unexpected death of the suspect was a heavy blow to the police. Fortunately, the diary served as evidence, allowing the case to proceed smoothly. When the police found the body in the Yaezakura Mansion, the air conditioner had been turned off, and the room was hot as a sauna. In his diary, Takao Kouichi mentioned that he turned off the lights and air conditioner before leaving the scene. Thus, with the heat of early September, the temperature in the room exceeded 30 degrees Celsius. The rapid progression of the corpse's decomposition was inevitable. According to the forensic examination, Otsuka's estimated time of death was three days before the body was found, which was September 3rd - consistent with Takao Kouichi's diary, which stated that he killed Otsuka before 10 pm on the night of September 3rd.
[829] When collecting eyewitness accounts, a woman living next to Otsuka recalled that a man who looked like Takao Kouichi walked past Otsuka's house after 10 pm on September 3rd. This was also consistent with the diary's account.
[830]
[831] After investigating the telephone records of Oyama Shin'ichi and Isuzu Masae, it was determined that there was frequent phone contact between the two. In addition, latent fingerprints of each other were found in both their rooms. It can be basically concluded that they were in a romantic relationship. The father of Masae's child's blood type can only be A or AB, and Oyama's blood type is A. After using DNA identification technology, it was directly confirmed that Oyama was the biological father of Masae's child.
[832] Oyama Shin'ichi, 52 years old. International law expert. Divorced four years ago, and was single at the time of the incident. Tall and well-built, with a mature and intellectual appearance, he was very popular among female students. However, he had a bad reputation for his unethical behavior towards female students, which was reportedly one of the reasons for his divorce.
[833] According to the call records, Masae called Oyama at her home at noon on September 1st. This call should have been the reason for Oyama's visit to Masae's house in the afternoon. Oyama went to see Masae to try to persuade her one last time. However, Masae insisted on giving birth to the child, which led Oyama to commit murder. Then, at 3 pm, he pushed Masae off the balcony...
[834] Moreover, the call records show that Masae called Takao at her home at 2 pm on the same day. According to the diary, at this time, Masae said she had something to discuss with Takao and asked him to meet her at 5 pm. Takao guessed in his diary that Masae would ask him about Oyama. For example, Oyama's previous relationships with female students and the results of those relationships.
[835] Takao arrived at his former lover's house at 5 pm, at which time she had already been killed. When questioned by the police, the detective in charge of Takao said that Takao broke through the police blockade and ran to Masae's side when he heard the news of her death. This is also consistent with the diary's record.
[836] Masayo's parents testified that during the wake and funeral, Takano appeared preoccupied and lost in thought, causing them concern. His mother suspected he was contemplating something terrible and advised him against doing anything rash. Unfortunately, her words fell on deaf ears.
[837] Oyama murdered the pregnant Masayo after she demanded marriage, leading Takano to seek revenge. During his subsequent escape, Takano was involved in a car accident, ultimately resulting in his death. The case was closed with the suspect's accidental demise.
[838] For unsolved murder cases, evidence is typically held in the crime records archive for 15 years after the incident. For solved cases, this timeframe is typically reduced to a few months after the case is closed. This case is no exception, with numerous pieces of evidence, including Takano's diary and the murder weapon, being transferred to the crime records archive shortly after the case was closed, where they remained untouched for the next 20 years.
[839] After feeling the urge to urinate, Sato took off his white lab coat and ran to the bathroom. In the crime records archive, employees are required to wear white clothing to prevent contamination of evidence.
[840] In the bathroom, a middle-aged cleaning lady named Nakamura Meiko was sweeping the floor. She was a 50-something-year-old woman with curly hair.
[841] "Good morning, Temple. You're as handsome as ever today. Here, have a piece of candy!"
[842] Nakamura Meiko took out a piece of candy from her waist bag, just as she always did, without removing her rubber gloves. Takagi, as usual, politely declined her offer and asked:
[843] "In September 1993, a case occurred in Higashiyamato City. A professor killed his girlfriend, and the girl's ex-boyfriend killed the professor for revenge. Do you remember this case? The girl was three months pregnant, and the father was the professor."
[844] "Ninety-three? That was twenty years ago. I was only...no, I was only fourteen then. Let me think."
[845] Nakamura Meiko, who had just boldly lied about her age, closed her eyes, as if trying to recall something.
[846] "I was just labeling the evidence from that case. The diary written by the male student who claimed to have found and killed the murderer was quite fascinating. I'm now very interested in the case."
[847] "You mean the diary where the male student wrote about how he found and killed the murderer? Although the specific contents of the diary were not revealed at the time, there were many speculations on TV shows and news programs. Don't you think the idea of avenging a former lover is quite appealing? Although many men pursued her, none of them went as far as this."
[848] "What about that case?" Kei asked.
[849] "I was just labeling the evidence from that case. The diary written by the male student who claimed to have found and killed the murderer was quite fascinating. I'm now very interested in the case."
[850] "Oh, you mean the diary where the male student wrote about how he found and killed the murderer? Although the specific contents of the diary were not revealed at the time, there were many speculations on TV shows and news programs. Don't you think the idea of avenging a former lover is quite appealing? Although many men pursued her, none of them went as far as this. If I were killed, would you avenge me, Mr. Terada?"
[851] The question came suddenly, leaving me at a loss for words.
[852] "What? Why are you suddenly talking about me? I'm not a former boyfriend of Midori-san."
[853] "You could be a current boyfriend."
[854] "Please don't say such meaningless things."
[855] "Well, I guess it's not worth sacrificing everything for someone like me, but for a beauty like the director, any former boyfriend would do anything for her, wouldn't they?"
[856] "Really?"
[857] The image of the curator, Akane Matsui, appeared in her mind. The thought of associating that curator with revenge was as difficult as imagining a refrigerator and a furnace combined. Moreover, the curator, for all her beauty, did not seem to have had any ex-boyfriends, let alone a current one.
[858] After relieving her bladder, she returned to the assistant room. Just as she sat down, the door to the neighboring curator's room opened, and the current curator walked into the assistant room, startling her.
[859] She was slender and tall, with skin as white as her white outfit. Her shoulder-length, seductive black hair complemented her outfit. Her beautiful, cold face showed no signs of aging, and her large eyes were adorned with long eyelashes and precise double eyelid makeup. If there were such a thing as a snow woman in reality, she would surely look like this.
[860] She held the rank of Inspector, having entered the Inspectorate through the National Civil Service Class I examination. However, she had been in the position of crime records museum curator for eight years, completely detached from the elite. The specific reason for this was unknown to her, and she had no curiosity to investigate. After all, her communication and interpersonal skills were not just poor, but they were in a league of their own, and she believed this to be one of the reasons...
[861] "The labeling of the 1993 September 8th murder case in the city of Akatsuka has begun?"
[862] Yokohama Akari gently pushed her glasses and asked in a low voice.
[863] "Ah, just about to start. How about you, librarian? How far have you summarized the basic information of the case?"
[864] "Actually, I have stopped. I read the suspect's diary to summarize the information, and I found some unnatural things."
[865] "—What's unnatural?"
[866] "Did you read the suspect's diary?"
[867] "I just finished reading it."
[868] "You didn't find anything strange?"
[869] "Nothing in particular…"
[870] Tōru reviewed the diary's content in his mind again, but still couldn't find anything unusual. Just as he was about to ask, Pinky suddenly said without expression, "Let's prepare for another search." Tōru was surprised and asked, "What?"
[871] "Another search? Does this case have another truth?"
[872] "Yes."
[873] The librarian's answer was concise.
[874] In February of this year, the red-haired girl solved a mysterious case, the Middle Island Bread Company blackmail and president murder case that occurred in February 1998. Unresolved murder cases' evidence would be handed over to the Crime Data Museum after fifteen years, and the red-haired girl made a bold inference based on one piece of evidence, ultimately solving the case. At that time, it was Shuang who assisted the red-haired girl, who had poor communication skills, in conducting investigations and questioning.
[875] However, the case in Hachioji City is already evident, and there can be no other truth. All the facts have been verified by the investigation team at the time, including the diary of Takao Nagase, and there are no doubts.
[876] "Where exactly is the diary unnatural?"
[877] No matter how many times he asked, the Red Plum remained silent.
[878] Don't play that secretive game with me, I'm a former detective from the First Investigation Course, with more practical experience than you—even though Ken was silently cursing in his heart, he had personally experienced the Red Plum's incredible investigative abilities in the investigation of the blackmail and murder of the president of the Nakajima Bread Company.
[879] Ken sighed.
[880] "—Okay, I understand. So, what exactly are we investigating?"
[881] The investigation records in the Criminal Records Museum record the address and phone number of Yae Miyuki's house in Shizuoka City. Shizuko's mother, Fumiko, may still live there. Hikari dialed the phone, and an older woman's voice answered, "I am Honda." Hikari quickly said, "I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number." Just as he was about to hang up, he suddenly remembered that Honda was the surname of Miyuki's father.
[882] Hikari asked if the person on the other end was Fumiko Honda, and the person confirmed it. Fumiko changed her surname to Isuzu eight months before the incident and seems to have changed it back to her maiden name.
[883] Hikari introduced himself as a staff member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Records Museum, constructing a database of your daughter's case twenty years ago, but some data was lost, and he wanted to ask her in person. With this seemingly reasonable excuse, the two agreed to meet the next day.
[884] The Honda family's house is located in Hachikaguchi, Shizuoka City, a two-story house that looks like it has over thirty years of history.
[885] I have already treated Miyuki's house as my own — Hikari's diary reads. Although it now looks like an ordinary house, it must have been a precious place for Hikari, who lost his parents when he was in middle school. Hikari couldn't help but imagine what the place looked like twenty years ago.
[886] The door was opened by a woman in her mid-sixties.
[887] "I am Takayuki Takano from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Records Museum. Thank you for taking the time to cooperate with our work," Masaki bowed.
[888] Masaki lowered his head.
[889] "I am Fumiko Harumi."
[890] Fumiko was a graceful and dignified woman with silver hair.
[891] "I thought you were still married to Isuzu. Have you changed your surname back to your husband's?"
[892] "Yes. We remarried a year later. So I changed my surname back to my husband's. That must have been what our deceased daughter wanted to see the most…"
[893] "You are right. So, is your husband home now?"
[894] "Yes, he is. He will be here shortly. Please wait."
[895] After a moment, a man in his seventies entered the living room and sat down at the table.
[896] "I am Yasuhiko Harada."
[897] Yasuhiko Harada was tall and muscular. Although his hair was completely white, it was still clear that he was a very attractive type when he was young.
[898] "I apologize for not knowing about the Crime Material Museum. When my wife told me about it yesterday, I thought it was a prank or a scam. I called the police to confirm, and they told me it was real. That's when I believed it."
[899] "Many people don't know about us. We are a very important institution that helps with future investigations by analyzing evidence from past cases. It seems we need to do more promotion."
[900] Although Kenji himself didn't believe what he was saying, it was just a large warehouse after all. He felt like a third-rate salesman.
[901] "Have you noticed anything strange about Kenji Takagi after your daughter's death?"
[902] Fujiko answered.
[903] "Whether it was during the wake or at the funeral, Kenji-san always looked like he was deep in thought, planning something that he couldn't take back. It was a decision that would bring misfortune to his life... He was completely different from the mature and calm Kenji-san I knew. He promised me he wouldn't do anything stupid, and I believed him, but it was just a lie to make me feel better. He avenged my daughter and then died in a car accident. However, even without the accident, his life after that would have been irreversible. If I had been more forceful in stopping him at the funeral... I regret it every day since then."
[904] Haruta placed his hand on Fujiko's shoulder, as if to say it wasn't her fault. The wife looked at her husband with gratitude.
[905] Haruta spoke.
[906] "As for me, I'm ashamed to say that I wasn't home during my daughter's high school years, and Hirotaka-san came to visit when I was away. I met him for the first time during the wake. Yes, as she said, Hirotaka-san seemed troubled... "
[907] "So, the last time you saw Hirotaka-san was at the funeral?"
[908] Fumiko nodded.
[909] "That was the last time I saw him. The next time I saw him was after the car accident... He lost his parents when he was in middle school and the relatives who adopted him were distant, so his funeral was also organized by us. It was a very cold funeral. After all, he was the one who killed the man who killed my daughter, and even relatives and good friends didn't attend. After Masayo passed away, I treated Hirotaka-san as my own son, but my son went with my daughter... It was really, really painful..."
[910] Fumiko shed tears as she recalled the scene from back then.
[911] Although unwilling, the question had to be asked according to Rinko Sora's instructions.
[912] "I apologize, but this is a routine question, just a formality. Please don't mind..."
[913] "What's the point of asking this? Are you suspecting us of killing Mr. Otsuka?"
[914] Harutaka Higashimori glared.
[915] "No, no, it's just a routine question..."
[916] While arguing, I secretly cursed the red plum blossom in my heart. Damn it, why ask such a question? This kind of question will make people hate you. Moreover, what's the point of asking the alibi of Masayo's parents? Does the red plum blossom suspect that Masayo's parents are the real killers of Ozuma Junichiro because she found something unnatural in Takaishi Toshihiko's diary?
[917] It seems that the wife is comforting her complaining husband and gently stroking his wrist.
[918] "I understand. I'll tell you. Although it was twenty years ago, it was my daughter's funeral, so I remember it very clearly. I left the funeral home at around 5:30 p.m. and returned home at 5:30 p.m. Then I had a simple dinner. After that, I stayed at home until midnight to sleep. Did you sleep with your husband?"
[919] "With you?"
[920] "Of course!"
[921] Hantaro Fujimura protested angrily. But when Fuyu looked at him, she smiled gently.
[922] "Dear, it's better not to hide it —— No, we weren't together. At that time, we were in the middle of divorce proceedings, and my husband was living elsewhere. So, I was alone from the time I got home until I went to sleep."
[923] "And you?"
[924] Hantaro Fujimura spoke with a resigned expression.
[925] "I returned to the house of my mistress at around 6:30 pm. I was supposed to be with my wife, but I was afraid that my mistress would be unhappy... Damn it! I'm not a good husband, and I'm not a good father."
[926] "So you stayed with her after you went back?"
[927] "No, it wasn't like that. After I went back, she was angry that I went to my daughter's funeral. We argued and had a big fight. I got so angry that I left and went to a bustling area. It was the day of my daughter's funeral, but I was drinking and wandering around. I probably went to a local izakaya around 10 pm. I can't remember the name or location... After midnight, I took a taxi home."
[928] Fujimoto chuckled bitterly.
[929] "That fight woke me up. I broke up with the woman I was having an affair with. My wife then proposed to reconcile. She said it was what Masae wanted most... I agree. So we got remarried. I'm really grateful to my wife."
[930] "Thank you... It's mutual."
[931] Fujiko smiled.
[932] "However... If these things had happened before Masae passed away, it would have been better, no, we shouldn't have divorced in the first place. I regret it. Our divorce hurt our daughter. Every time I think about it, I regret it so much..."
[933] It was clear that Masae was attracted to Otsuka as a subconscious search for a father figure - no, this clichéd psychological trope was too much... Takumi shook his head.
[934] After thanking the couple, Takumi left the Oyama house. The old couple stood at the entrance, watching Takumi leave. Their figures were serene yet filled with deep loneliness. Takumi prayed for their happiness in their twilight years.
[935] After returning to the crime library, Takumi went to the office of the director, Kurenai Tsukimi, to report the incident.
[936] "In summary, on September 3rd when Akutagawa was killed, Oyama Fumiko left the funeral home at 5 pm, and Hikaru left home after arguing with his cohabitant at 6 pm. Both were alone at the time, with no alibis. From Jōshū Station to New Yokohama, then from New Yokohama to Higashi-Fujisawa, and finally taking a taxi to Akutagawa's house, the entire journey took less than three hours. Both had the possibility of killing Akutagawa at 10 pm.
[937] "Thank you for your hard work."
[938] Hibikura Satsuki spoke without emotion.
[939] "Do you suspect that one of them killed Akutagawa?"
[940] Takahashi asked, but received no response.
[941] "At least tell me what's unnatural about Keisuke Takayama's diary."
[942] Hibari Mizuki finally opened her red lips.
[943] "There are two points. The first point of suspicion - Otsuka Jun'ichi was killed by a paper cutter in his study. If Keisuke Takayama was the perpetrator, he should have planned his revenge when he went to Otsuka's house, so he should have brought the weapon with him. Why did he use the paper cutter in Otsuka's house as the weapon?"
[944] "Maybe he panicked at the moment of revenge and forgot to use the weapon he brought?"
[945] "There is a possibility. However, the diary does not mention bringing the weapon, nor does it describe considering what kind of weapon to use. If the plan was to kill, he should have thought about what kind of weapon to use."
[946] "It seems like a problem after all."
[947] "What is the second point?"
[948] "The second point of doubt - In the records of September 3rd, Kou Shou turned off the air conditioner and the lights when leaving Akutagawa's room. Why do such a redundant thing? Generally, the perpetrator would not pay attention to the air conditioner and lights in the crime scene. However, Kou Shou seemed to care about turning off the air conditioner and lights as if he were leaving his own house. This behavior is very unnatural."
[949] "Maybe it was a habit formed when leaving home and he unconsciously turned off the air conditioner and lights."
[950] "If it was turned off unconsciously, it means he did not realize his own behavior, so it would not be written in the diary."
[951] "That's true..."
[952] "To put it another way, if it was turned off unconsciously, it would be noticed after turning it off. At that time, when writing the diary, it should add a sentence like 'out of the habit of going out' or 'I don't know why I did this.' In any case, since the behavior was noticed, it should be considered strange and reflected in the diary as a reason or a question. However, there is neither a reason nor a question, only a simple record of the behavior, which is very unnatural. Keeping a diary is essentially a process of re-examining and reordering the meaning of one's own behavior. Humans are creatures that cannot tolerate meaningless behavior. If a person realizes that some of their behavior is meaningless, they will either try to give these behaviors meaning or wonder why they have such meaningless behaviors. Recording meaningless behavior in a meaningless way is unacceptable.
[953] "That makes sense... So, what do you think about these two points of doubt?"
[954] "The first point of doubt - why didn't Takao prepare a weapon for revenge when he had already planned it, but used the paper knife in Okura's house to kill him. There was no mention of bringing a weapon in the diary, nor any description of thinking about what kind of weapon to use.
[955] "As for this point, I can only think of one possibility. When Takao arrived at the scene, Okura had already been killed by someone else using a paper knife. That person did not plan the crime in advance but killed Okura impulsively, so they used the paper knife in Okura's room. Takao wanted to protect the true culprit, so he came up with the idea of confessing in the diary. This is why there is a contradiction between planning the crime and using the paper knife at the crime scene. Takao should have realized this contradiction, but he couldn't think of a convincing enough reason to explain this contradiction to the reader, so he reduced the description of the weapon to the minimum, hoping that the readers would not notice this point."
[956] "So, the person who killed Obara was someone else, right?… You mentioned 'the readers of the diary' earlier. Does that mean Kouichi Takano anticipated that this diary would be read by someone else?"
[957] "Yes, the 'readers' referred to are the police. Kouichi Takano wanted the police to read this diary, to identify himself as the culprit and thus protect the real killer."
[958] "So, you mean from the beginning, writing this diary was meant for the police?"
[959] "If Kouichi Takano discovered that someone had killed Obara before him and wanted to protect that person, he should have had the idea of letting the police read his diary around the time he discovered Obara's death. Therefore, it would be more appropriate to assume that Kouichi Takano initially wanted to use the diary to deduce the identity of the culprit and only later decided to use it as a means of protecting the real killer."
[960] "I see… So, who is the real culprit?"
[961] "The real killer is someone that Gaojian wanted to protect. The killer killed Oyama to avenge Miyabi, so it must be someone who deeply loved Miyabi. Also, someone who knew that the killer of Miyabi was Oyama."
[962] "The person who would avenge Miyabi, deeply love Miyabi... Is it Miyabi's mother, Fujimiya?"
[963] "If we deduce based on the conditions listed earlier, it is indeed Fujimiya. Perhaps she claimed to both Gaojian and the police that she didn't know the identity of Miyabi's new lover, but in reality, she discovered from her daughter's words and belongings that the new lover was Professor Oyama Junichiro. When she found out that her daughter was pregnant for three months, she immediately realized that the killer was Oyama. On the day of her daughter's funeral, she went to Oyama's apartment to confront him. The confrontation turned into a fight, and Fujimiya, in a fit of rage, picked up a paper knife and killed Oyama before leaving the scene. That's how the events might have unfolded."
[964] "After Fujimiya left, Gaojian, who planned to kill Oyama, arrived and found the body. It's possible that Gaojian saw Fujimiya leaving the scene. Gaojian realized that Fujimiya killed Oyama and decided to take the blame for her, so he wrote in his September 3rd diary that he killed Oyama and other related content. However, there is a contradiction in that the murder weapon used was the paper knife at the scene, which was supposed to be planned."
[965] "Of course, the person who would avenge Miyabi, deeply love Miyabi, and meet these two conditions is also Miyabi's father, Harutaka Yoshida. However, if he killed Oyama, I don't think Gaojian would take the blame for him. Moreover, reading the diary would reveal that Gaojian had a deep affection for Fujimiya and wrote things like 'parting with Miyabi caused me pain, not only because of her departure, but also because I couldn't return to that house and couldn't be cared for by Fujimiya aunt anymore.' It's hard to think of anyone else who Gaojian would go to such lengths to protect besides Fujimiya."
[966] "This is probably why Reiko Higashiyama investigated Fumiko's alibi for the evening of September 3rd. Could Fumiko be the real culprit…?"
[967] "Now let's discuss the second point of doubt. According to the diary entries for September 3rd, Kouji turned off the air conditioner and the lights before leaving the room after killing Otsuka. Why do such an unnecessary thing? Generally, criminals do not pay attention to things like air conditioners and lights after committing a crime. Kouji, however, turned them off with the same care as if he were leaving his own home. This behavior is quite unnatural. Kouji would have noticed this, so he should have explained the reason for doing so. However, he did not mention it at all."
[968] "Not mentioning the reason could mean that Kouji had a reason to turn off the air conditioner and the lights, but that reason could not be revealed."
[969] "If the reason could not be revealed, Kouji should not have written about turning off the air conditioner and the lights, right? That way, he would not have to worry about others noticing the unnatural behavior."
[970] "—Indeed."
[971] "So, it would be more appropriate to change your statement – Takao had a reason to write down that he turned off the air conditioner and lights, but that reason couldn't be revealed."
[972] "—— The reason to write it down in the diary?"
[973] "What was the result of writing this down in the diary? The police concluded that the air conditioner was turned off at around 10 pm on September 3rd. From this, they deduced that the air conditioner was off for three days from September 3rd to September 6th when Oyama Shunichiro's body was found, resulting in a high indoor temperature. The corpse phenomenon was assumed to have occurred under such high temperatures, and the autopsy was conducted based on this premise, resulting in the conclusion that the time of death was September 3rd in the evening. However, the only evidence that confirms the air conditioner was turned off at around 10 pm on September 3rd is the sentence in the diary. If this sentence was actually a trick, and the air conditioner was turned off much later – in other words, if the air conditioner was still cooling the room after 10 pm on September 3rd, what would happen?"
[974] "—— Still cooling after 10 pm?"
[975] "Let's assume that the air conditioner was still cooling on the day Oyama's body was found, September 6th. According to the diary, the air conditioner was turned off at 10 pm on the 3rd. For the next three days, the body was placed in a closed room with a temperature of around 30 degrees. The police assumed that the corpse phenomenon occurred in a high-temperature environment and calculated the presumed time of death as September 3rd. However, if the air conditioner was actually still cooling on September 6th, keeping the indoor temperature at around 16 degrees, what would happen? This would mean that the corpse phenomenon did not occur in a high-temperature environment, and the actual time of death should be far before September 3rd. In other words, the reason to let the police believe that the air conditioner was turned off on September 3rd in the evening was to delay the presumed time of death of Oyama."
[976] Connie took a deep breath.
[977] "High claimed to have turned off the air conditioner in the diary, but actually set it to the lowest temperature to continue working, delaying the death presumptive time and creating an alibi for the real killer, right? Is that correct?"
[978] "Yes. So, the real killer is the person who has an alibi in the diary that High claimed to have killed Oyama on September 3rd at 10 pm. However, Fujiko did not have an alibi at that time. It was difficult to delay the death presumptive time of Oyama to September 3rd at 10 pm, but she did not have an alibi for that time. Therefore, Fujiko could not be the true killer."
[979] Connie began to doubt her ears.
[980] "——Fujiko is not the true killer? This is impossible. The true killer is the person who avenged Masae, the person who deeply loved Masae, the person who knew that Oyama killed Masae, and the person that High wanted to protect. Based on these conditions, it can only be Fujiko, and there is no other choice."
[981] "Indeed, as the real killer, one must meet these conditions, and only Fumiko meets them. However, from the perspective of alibis, Fumiko cannot be the real killer. This leads to only one explanation: we have misunderstood the conditions that the real killer should meet."
[982] "Shuang is stunned. These words seem to overturn all of the previous reasoning. What is Shuangzhi thinking?"
[983] "The conditions that the real killer must meet are as follows:
[984] "First, Gaojian wanted to protect the person.
[985] "Second, the person is avenging Masayo, so they deeply love Masayo."
[986] "Third, the person who knows that Oyama killed Masu-ko.
[987] "Fourth, the person who has an alibi for the evening of September 3rd at 10:00 pm.
[988] "Among them, the first condition is an indisputable fact. From High See's diary, it is clear that the plan to kill Oyama was well thought out, but the murder weapon used was the guillotine on the scene. This can only be considered that the true culprit killed Oyama and High See tried to cover up for the true culprit by claiming that this was his own plan to kill, trying to take the blame for the true culprit.
[989] "Then, the fourth condition is also an indisputable fact. High See left a meaningless statement in his diary about turning off the air conditioner and lights in Oyama's house, which can only be seen as a means to delay the time of Oyama's death. Backtracking, the true culprit must have had an alibi for the evening of September 3rd at 10:00 pm.
[990] "However, the second and third conditions, upon careful consideration, do not have any evidence to prove them. Moreover, these two conditions can lead to the conclusion that the true culprit is Fuyu-ko, who has already been ruled out by the fourth condition. Therefore, we should consider that these two conditions are flawed."
[991] "The second and third conditions are flawed? But if the true culprit is not seeking revenge for Matsuyo or deeply loving Matsuyo, there is no need to kill Okura, right? And if they don't know that Okura killed Matsuyo, they won't be able to find Okura, right?
[992] "Chu was completely confused by Rui Shiro's words. He overturned his previous reasoning and wondered what conclusion he was trying to draw.
[993] "Let's ignore the second and third conditions and find the true culprit using only the first and fourth conditions. Now, the true culprit should meet two conditions - the person Okura wanted to protect and the person who has an alibi for the time of Okura's death when it was delayed.
[994] "Does such a person really exist?"
[995] "There is only one person - Matsuyo."
[996] Connie feels that Shiroka is crazy.
[997] "If the true killer is Masuyama, Highsee will do anything to protect her. Moreover, if Okura's actual death date is September 1st, when Okura's death was postponed, Masuyama's death becomes an unshakable alibi for her."
[998] "Wait, Okura killed Masuyama. How could Masuyama kill Okura after being killed by Okura?"
[999] "Is it really certain that Okura killed Masuyama?"
[1000] "Highsee reasoned that the killer was a male who was close to Masuyama based on the slippers on the balcony, right? Even if Highsee's diary is not reliable, the reasoning itself seems sound. Because Masuyama was indeed wearing slippers when she was pushed. "
[1001] "Moreover, Massu was already three months pregnant. If the father of the child – that is, her lover – didn't want to get married, this was indeed a strong motive for murder. Furthermore, the telephone call records, latent fingerprints in the two rooms, the blood type, and DNA test results have all confirmed that Auon was Massu's lover. I believe that Auon killed Massu, and there is no room for doubt."
[1002] "Auon was indeed Massu's lover, and there is no room for doubt about that. I admit it. However, with Massu's pregnancy of three months and Auon's unwillingness to marry her, the conclusion that can be drawn from these two factors is not only 'Auon had a strong motive to kill Massu.' After all, in the face of the fact that she couldn't marry Auon, Massu might have also entered a state of self-abandonment and killed Auon in a fit of anger. You should remember that the fact that the murder weapon was Auon's family's paper knife can be used to infer that it was indeed a crime of passion."
[1003] Zhong suddenly understood.
[1004] "Indeed, that makes sense... So, what happened to Massu's death?"
[1005] "Suicide by jumping. If Massu was indeed pushed down, the reasoning that the culprit was a man who was close to her is plausible. However, if it was suicide, there would be no culprit. Think back, what were the reasons why we initially judged Massu's death to be a homicide? The door handle that had been wiped clean and the glass cup that had been washed in the kitchen sink. What if these things were just a disguise to make Massu appear to have died from homicide?"
[1006] "Yes, that is possible..."
[1007] "Sophia's diary is a product created to cover up the real killer. In other words, we should treat it as a fictional novel that was invented to create a plot in which the real killer is avenging Mariko's death. Therefore, the second condition - 'The true killer is someone who avenged Mariko's death, so they must have deeply loved Mariko' - and the third condition - 'The true killer knows that Oyama killed Mariko' - are both false conclusions drawn from the fictional plot of revenge."
[1008] The plot of revenge collapses, and Sophia is stunned.
[1009] "Let's go through the case again. According to the telephone call records, on September 1st at 11:00 AM, Mariko called Oyama's house. During this call, Mariko must have made an appointment to meet Oyama at his house. After arriving at Oyama's house, Mariko brought up the topic of pregnancy again and demanded that Oyama marry her. Oyama rejected Mariko's request and even proposed a breakup. Mariko was overwhelmed with anger and, in a fit of impulsiveness, killed Oyama. Afterward, she returned home in a daze, wondering what to do next. She was tormented by the thought that if she were arrested, her unborn child would be forever labeled as the child of a murderer, her parents would be greatly affected, and the guilt of the crime would be unbearable for her. She decided to commit suicide."
[1010] "From now on, what should I do?" She pondered, her heart heavy with despair. If she were to be arrested, her unborn child would forever bear the stigma of being the child of a murderer. Her parents would also be deeply affected. The most terrifying thought for her was the unbearable guilt of committing murder. She decided to commit suicide.
[1011] "Then, before committing suicide, she called her former lover, Kousaka Takao. Perhaps he was the only person she wanted to talk to before her death. I don't know what she wanted to say to Kousaka, and what she said may not have been important. Maybe she just wanted to hear Kousaka's voice again.
[1012] "This was the phone call at 2:00 PM. In the diary, Kousaka said he received Miyuki's call at 2:00 PM, and they agreed to meet at 5:00 PM. However, that was a call that Miyuki made to talk to Kousaka again before committing suicide.
[1013] "After that, around 3:00 PM, Miyuki committed suicide by jumping off the balcony. While Kousaka was in his university's laboratory from 2:30 PM to 3:30 PM, he was constantly uneasy due to Miyuki's call. This unease gradually spread, making him restless, and finally, at 3:30 PM, he left the laboratory and went to Miyuki's apartment. In the diary, he returned to his own apartment to find a magazine and then took it to Ochiai's house. Of course, this was a complete lie.
[1014] "The door to Miyuki's room was unlocked, and the smart man entered her room. I think Miyuki left a suicide note. It clearly states her relationship with Ochiai, the fact that she was pregnant for three months, and the process of killing Ochiai in desperation after being rejected for marriage. Kousaka read it and learned everything. From the balcony, he saw Miyuki's corpse. He ran to the backyard and came to Miyuki's side.
[1015] "Kousaka might have wanted to call the police, but he didn't. First, he had to confirm whether Ochiai was really dead. He took Miyuki's suicide note and went to Ochiai's room at the Yaezakura Mansion to find out that Ochiai was indeed killed."
[1016] "What would happen if the police found the bodies of Oyama, who was murdered, and Masako, who committed suicide? The police would investigate the call records between Oyama and Masako, and their relationship would be exposed quickly. From the fact that Masako was pregnant for three months, Oyama was murdered, and Masako committed suicide, the police would correctly conclude that Masako killed Oyama and then committed suicide due to her despair over being unable to marry."
[1017] "In this case, Masako's last memory in the world would be defined as a murderer, which is something Takao could not tolerate. To protect his former lover, a bold plan gradually took shape."
[1018] "The plan was to delay the presumed time of Oyama's death, thus providing Masako with an unshakeable alibi of 'death'. He also hoped to erase the fact that Masako killed Oyama and instead make the public believe that Oyama killed Masako, completely reversing the roles of the perpetrator and the victim."
[1019] "How could he do this? Takao looked at the paper knife stuck in Oyama's back. It was clear that it was a murder. So, he couldn't create a false scenario where Oyama killed Masako and then committed suicide. He needed a role to kill Oyama. So, let this person discover that Oyama killed Masako and avenge Masako by killing Oyama. By introducing the element of revenge, Oyama's death time would naturally be later than Masako's."
[1020] "Time was running out, and Takao could only think of this much. He had to act immediately. First, he adjusted the air conditioning temperature to the lowest setting to slow down the progression of the corpse phenomenon.
[1021] "To make it look like Masae was killed by someone else, Gao Jian went to Masae's apartment. He wiped the door handle of the entrance to create the false impression that the perpetrator deliberately wiped off the fingerprints. Then he took two glasses, one of which he filled with tea and placed on the table, and the other he washed and placed in the kitchen sink. Of course, he wore gloves throughout the process, which goes without saying. The glass on the table with tea would definitely detect Masae's fingerprints, which were left when she put it back in the cabinet after using it last time.
[1022] "Before their breakup, Gao Jian had visited Masae's apartment many times. He knew that the building manager would go to the back garden to water the flowers every afternoon at 4:30. So he could accurately predict when Masae's body would be found.
[1023] "Gao Jian completed all the disguises before 4:30 and left Masae's room immediately. At 5:00, he pretended to be called by Masae and came to the scene again. His acting of going crazy upon hearing the news of Masae's death was part of his performance. Then, from the information provided by the police, Gao Jian confirmed that his plan had been successfully implemented.
[1024] "The biggest contributor to Gao Jian's plan is the diary that describes the process of revenge.
[1025] "The records on September 1st, which state that he left the lab at 3:30 PM to deliver the May 1990 issue of the International Journal of Law to Okuura, including the dialogue between the two, are all fabricated. They were all designed to make people believe that Okuura was still alive after Masae's death. As for Okuura's slip of the tongue, it was deliberately left as a clue for future deduction that Okuura was the one who killed Masae."
[1026] "As for Oyama looking for the May 1990 issue of the International Journal of Law and the fact that this magazine was borrowed by Takagi, both are likely to be true. Takagi felt it was necessary to describe Oyama as still alive in the September 1st entry in order to protect Masaki, so he realized he could use this issue of the International Journal of Law as a reason to visit Oyama.
[1027] "In the entry for September 3rd, the scene of killing Oyama was, of course, entirely fabricated. At around 10:00 pm that night, Takagi deliberately came to the corridor in front of Oyama's house to let the neighbor next door see him, in order to strengthen the credibility of the fictional scenario of Takagi's revenge on Oyama. It is likely that Takagi stood in the corridor waiting for the residents of the same floor to return at that time. Coincidentally, the neighbor returned at around 10:00 pm and saw Takagi. It made it seem like he was the one who killed Oyama at that time. Oyama's confession about Masaki before his death was actually Takagi's retelling of Masaki's will from Oyama's perspective.
[1028] "Since Oyama died on September 1st, he couldn't have done much preparation for the academic presentation on the 7th. However, Takagi needed to make it seem like Oyama was still alive until the evening of the 3rd, so that the amount of preparation he did for the presentation would be too little, which might arouse suspicion. For this reason, Takagi intentionally wrote in the diary that Oyama confessed, "I've been restless since yesterday, and I haven't been able to prepare well for the academic presentation."
[1029] "If the diary was the key to completing his plan, then the person who sent the diary to the police station was actually Takagi himself, right?"
[1030] "Yes. Takagi wanted to strengthen the impression on the police that Oyama died from revenge, so he let the police obtain the diary first and then discover Oyama's body. As a prelude to the police obtaining the diary, he staged the burglary that occurred at the Quanlei Apartments on September 4th. The thief who broke into Takagi's room stole the diary and, after reading it, developed an unsuitable sense of justice and sent it to the police - this was the illusion Takagi wanted to create. Stealing other people's belongings was just a cover to hide his true intentions. As for Takagi's unusual agitation in front of the investigators, it was also part of his acting."
[1031] "On September 5th, he mailed the diary from somewhere in the city. The diary would arrive at the police station on the 6th, and the investigator who read it would immediately go to Okuwa's apartment to check the situation. Therefore, Takashima probably turned off the air conditioning that had been running at the lowest temperature since the 1st, set it to heating mode, and made it difficult to detect the residual cold air in the room. When the temperature rose to the appropriate level, he switched the mode back to cooling and turned off the air conditioning immediately, leaving the scene. When the investigators arrived, Okuwa's study was in a state where the air conditioning was turned off, and the temperature had risen to around 30 degrees Celsius, which was the normal room temperature for the first week of September.
[1032] "After discovering Okuwa's body, the investigators immediately went to Takashima's residence. Was his escape at that time also…"
[1033] "Of course, it was also acting. According to his plan, the escape was just a pretense, and he would be immediately arrested by the investigators and then confess to killing Okuwa. However, during his fake escape, he was hit by a truck that came around the corner and died unexpectedly…"
[1034] - This is the only thing I can do for you. This is the only compensation I can make for not being by your side during your most painful time, for not being able to protect you properly.
[1035] The last paragraph of the diary appeared in Ken's mind. Although the content of the diary was fictional, the emotions conveyed in the words should have been the heartfelt words of Takashima Tadashi. "This is the only thing I can do for you" - this phrase actually refers to the act of delaying Okuwa's death and providing Masayo with an unshakeable alibi for her <death> by hiding the fact that Masayo killed Okuwa.
[1036] And such a Kouzai Toshiyuki, who had faced such a fate, had also escaped to the <dead> realm where the hands of justice could not reach.
[1037] Until death separates the accomplices.
[1038] Everything happened in an instant.
[1039] A hundred meters ahead was a gentle curve. A large truck on the opposite lane did not turn while going through the curve, instead crossing the center line of the road and not slowing down at all, looking to enter this lane at its original speed. Jitendra immediately slammed on the brakes. The small car in front did not react in time and collided head-on with the truck, the scene playing out in slow motion in Jitendra's eyes. A chilling collision sound rang in his ears, and in an instant, both vehicles stopped moving.
[1040] With the sound of the brakes, Jitendra's car came to a stop next to the small car. The sound of brakes followed from behind. Jitendra unbuckled his seatbelt and ran towards the small car.
[1041] The front part of the small car was completely inserted into the bottom of the large truck, and the airbag on the driver's seat had already popped open. A middle-aged man in his fifties had his eyes closed and was slumped lifelessly on the seat. Looking at the large truck, the driver could be seen slowly unbuckling his seatbelt through the window. The large truck was indeed impressive, as it suffered such a violent impact, but the driver was not seriously injured.
[1042] Jicheng took out his phone and dialed 119. After explaining the situation, he tried to open the door of the small car's driver's seat. Fortunately, the door could still be opened. He tentatively felt the man's right wrist pulse. Although it was very weak, it was still beating.
[1043] At that moment.
[1044] The man suddenly opened his eyes and spoke brokenly.
[1045] "This is... punishment for my sins..."
[1046] "I've already called an ambulance. Please don't talk until we get to the hospital. It will consume your strength."
[1047] "No, I'm beyond saving. There are some things I have to say..."
[1048] "What do you want to say?"
[1049] "Twenty-five years ago, in September, I committed a crime... an exchange murder..."
[1050] "——Exchange murder?"
[1051]Cong was stunned and speechless What is this about?
[1052] "My accomplice and I both had people we wanted to kill… but the motive was too obvious… if we killed them, we would be exposed… so my accomplice and I exchanged our targets… I killed the one… a man… a week later, my accomplice helped me kill…"
[1053] The crucial part was unclear, the voice was too hoarse. Only faintly discernible that the name of the victim killed by the accomplice was much shorter than the one killed by himself, but the specific name was not audible.
[1054] "What was the name of the deceased? Where was he from?"
[1055] "He lived in Tokyo… called… a man."
[1056] Too hoarse, still not clear.
[1057] "Please say it again."
[1058] Confusion urgently asked, completely forgetting the earlier warning of "do not speak until you reach the hospital."
[1059] "Called... ...the man."
[1060] Still not clear. Confusion is getting frustrated.
[1061] "…The police suspect me and my accomplice… but during the time of the victim's death, we both have perfect alibis… so they can't do anything about it…"
[1062] The man's voice gradually became smaller and was about to disappear.
[1063] "Not only that, I…"
[1064] The man's body convulsed, and his eyes suddenly looked up to the sky. His pupils lost their luster, and his eyelids slowly closed. It was easy to see that the power of life had been exhausted in his body.
[1065] Cōng quickly checked the man's pulse again. The pulse had stopped. After doing so, he left this world with an unclear confession.
[1066] Confused, Intelligent looked around. They were on Katsuragi Street, near the border of Yamanashi Prefecture. The road seemed to stretch forward like a gap in a dense green forest. Surrounded by lush trees, there were almost no houses. Next to the road barrier, a sign read "Solar Power Plant Construction Preparation Land," which felt out of place. The western sky began to be dyed red, and no matter how you looked at it, it was a peaceful and beautiful Sunday sunset. However, the confession heard just now had nothing to do with peace and beauty. Was it just an illusion?
[1067] No, it wasn't an illusion. The man had indeed confessed to his exchange murder.
[1068] The truck driver got out of the truck and saw the wreckage of the small car underneath. He put his head in his hands and sat down on the road.
[1069] "I've been running a lot of errands, so I'm too tired. I was drowsy, and when I noticed it, it was already...” The driver murmured softly.
[1070] Five minutes later, the ambulance arrived. However, since the man was already dead, the ambulance had to return to the fire station directly.
[1071] Then, two police cars from the Fifth District Police Department's Traffic Safety Department arrived at the scene. Six investigators got out of the car. Tomohiko approached them, informed them that he was the witness, and provided his identity. The investigators from the Traffic Safety Department relaxed their faces when they found out that Tomohiko was a colleague. The oldest one among them, who seemed to be over thirty, introduced himself as Naito Inspector Chief and asked Tomohiko, "Which unit are you from?"
[1072] "Crime Data Museum in San-ei."
[1073] Naito Inspector Chief gave Tomohiko a complex look that mixed curiosity, pity, and superiority. Tomohiko was used to this reaction.
[1074] "Do you have a task today?"
[1075] "No, today is a day off. I wanted to relax and take a drive, but the car in front was hit by a truck that was driving while tired."
[1076] Tsukuru recounted his observations. After hearing the man's confession, Naito's face was filled with confusion.
[1077] "A twenty-five-year-old exchange murder... It's possible that he suffered a head injury in the accident and went into a delirious state."
[1078] "If it's a confession made in a delirious state, the details are too specific. I think he's telling the truth."
[1079] "However, even if it's true, the statute of limitations has already passed."
[1080] The criminal procedure reform in 2005 extended the statute of limitations for murder from fifteen years to twenty-five years, and the draft criminal procedure amendment in 2010 even abolished the statute of limitations for murder. However, for the murder case that occurred in 1988, the statute of limitations was established in 2003, so the draft amendment did not apply.
[1081] The traffic accident investigators began on-site investigation. Confucius moved to a place where he would not disturb their work and observed and learned from them. The investigators from the traffic accident course were very active, and they all looked vigorous. Confucius' suppressed envy was stirring again.
[1082] The investigators first removed the airbags from the small car. Then they untied the seatbelt from the deceased's body. They then moved the body to a sheet laid out in the middle of the road. Other investigators took photos to document the process.
[1083] "The airbags were deployed, but the person still died," Confucius said. Naito nodded.
[1084] "The speed change was too abrupt and the impact was too strong during the collision, so even with the airbags deployed, it was often ineffective. The impact can cause damage to major arteries."
[1085] "The impact can cause damage to major arteries."
[1086] A wallet was found in the left pocket of the jeans, containing a driver's license and a hotel room card. The young investigator holding the driver's license read out the information on it.
[1087] "The name on the driver's license is Tomohiko Yoshida. Born on July 8, 1925, he is currently 63 years old. His residence is Atami Island. Wow, that's quite unusual."
[1088] "What's the matter?" Jinbutsu asked.
[1089] "He obtained his driver's license on August 29, 2021, which means he got it last year. It's quite unusual for someone in their sixties to get a driver's license."
[1090] "That's true."
[1091] This news surprised Sō. Before the accident, Sō had been following the man's car. The car was driven steadily, and it didn't look like the driving skills of a beginner. If he had gotten his driver's license only a year ago, it meant that the man was quite talented at driving.
[1092] Naito spoke up.
[1093] "You never stop learning, do you? Well, I'm sure there's a reason for it. The car's license plate is from Tokyo, and it starts with a hiragana 'wa', which means it's a rented car. Check the wallet for a rental agreement?"
[1094] "There is one. It says it's from Nishikaze Rental Company."
[1095] "What hotel is the room card for?"
[1096] "It's from the Park Hyatt Hotel in Shinjuku, Room 1105."
[1097] "Call the hotel and ask."
[1098] The young detective dialed the Park Hyatt Hotel's phone number and began gathering information. After the call ended, he reported to Naito.
[1099] "I asked the hotel front desk, and the occupants of Room 1105 are an elderly couple, Yudepart Nakamura and Momoko, who checked in yesterday for a week. The husband's age is listed as 63, and he lives on Amami Oshima. That's definitely Yudepart Nakamura. Luckily, the wife is still at the hotel, and I got her on the phone to inform her of the accident. She said her husband went for a walk and hasn't returned yet, and she's very worried. I told her the police will be coming to pick her up soon and advised her not to leave the hotel."
[1100] Naito informed Shuang.
[1101] "We'll go to the Park Hyatt right away and take the wife of the deceased to the hospital where the body will be taken. Since you'll need to provide detailed information as a witness, can you come with us?"
[1102] "Sure. However, regarding the exchange murder confession from Fudou Yoshinobu twenty-five years ago, could you ask the wife if there were any cases that match the description?"
[1103] If the confession of the exchange murder is true, then twenty-five years ago, in September of 1988, Fudou Yoshinobu should have been involved in a murder case. He was likely the beneficiary of that murder, and he had a perfect alibi during the time of the crime.
[1104] Naito looked a bit troubled. The young detective furrowed his brow.
[1105] "The wife's emotions seem very unstable, and bringing up the topic now...
[1106] "I won't mention the confession of the exchange murder. I just want to ask if there was a murder case involving Mr. Ueda Yoshio twenty-five years ago, that's all."
[1107] "Okay, fine. But please ask lightly."
[1108] Detective Jouin and Saitou arrive at the Paizuri Hotel in Shinjuku and ask the front desk to summon Mr. Ueda Yoshio's wife.
[1109] Soon, the elevator doors open, and a woman in her sixties emerges. She walks heavily towards the front desk.
[1110] "Excuse me, are you Mrs. Ueda Yoshio?"
[1111] Chief Inspector Takeda asked. The woman nodded slightly and replied, "I am Ueda Momoko. " Her dignified appearance gave a sense of firmness and strength, but now her face was pale. Her physique was quite robust for a woman, perhaps because she was an athlete in her youth, and had developed such a sturdy build.
[1112] "Please accept my condolences. I am Chief Inspector Takeda from the Traffic Safety Division of the Fifth District Police Station. Can I ask you to go to the hospital to confirm your husband's body?"
[1113] "——Okay."
[1114] The three of them got into the police car and went to the Chūryūwild City Hospital where the body was stored. Chief Inspector Takeda drove, and Mr. Akagi and Mrs. Ueda sat in the back seat. Mr. Akagi told Mrs. Ueda that he was on leave from the police, and described the accident scene he witnessed. Mrs. Ueda lowered her eyes and listened motionlessly.
[1115] When they arrived at the hospital, the three of them were taken to the morgue. After seeing the body, Mrs. Ueda said, "It's my husband," and burst into tears.
[1116] Back in the hospital lobby, after Tomoko's crying had subsided, Naito asked her,
[1117] "What kind of work did your husband do?"
[1118] "Until two years ago, he ran a company selling health equipment in the Bunkyo ward of Tokyo. However, the business did not do well, and it closed."
[1119] "I checked your husband's driver's license, and the address on it is Amami Oshima."
[1120] "Yes. After the company closed, we moved there."
[1121]"What brought you to Tokyo this time?"
[1122]"We came to sightsee. While living in Tokyo, there were many famous attractions nearby, but we never visited any of them. So, I suggested to my husband that we should explore Tokyo together, and we agreed to spend a week here starting yesterday."
[1123]"At what time did your husband leave this morning?"
[1124]"Around 2 PM. He said he wanted to go for a walk, so he left the hotel, but he hasn't returned yet. I was getting worried and was about to call him when I received your call."
[1125]"We found out that your husband rented a car from a company called Nishikaze Rent-a-Car in Shinjuku at 2:25 PM. It seems he had a specific destination in mind, even though he said he was going for a walk. Do you have any idea where he might have gone?"
[1126] Mayumi shook her head, showing that she had no idea. She then asked worriedly.
[1127] "Is there anything suspicious about my husband's accident?"
[1128] "No, there's nothing suspicious. Both the testimony of Detective Terauchi and the results of the on-site investigation indicate that it was a pure traffic accident with no signs of human intervention."
[1129] "I see..."
[1130] Hikari subtly gestured to Jirou, indicating that it was time to casually ask about the matter. Jirou seemed to understand Hikari's intention and nodded reluctantly.
[1131] "I have one more question for you. Was there anyone who passed away near your husband twenty-five years ago, in 1988?"
[1132] Shiori stared at Takumi with widened eyes, her gaze filled with a kind of fear.
[1133] "Yes, there was. On September 19th, my husband's uncle was killed by robbers. How do you know about this?"
[1134] "Did that uncle have any children?"
[1135] "No, he was my husband's father's brother and never married."
[1136] "Was your husband's father still alive at that time?"
[1137] "No, he passed away early due to illness."
[1138] "I see. Did your husband's father have any other brothers?"
[1139] "No, just the two of them."
[1140] "May I ask, was that gentleman wealthy?"
[1141] "Yes."
[1142] "Where was your husband at that time?"
[1143] "We were traveling in the United States."
[1144] "Which part of the United States?"
[1145] "New York."
[1146] At this point, Shinobu began to glare at Ken.
[1147] "What do you mean, suggesting that my husband killed his uncle to inherit the estate?"
[1148] "No, I didn't mean that. Your husband was in the United States at the time, so he had an alibi."
[1149] "What's the point of bringing up something that happened twenty-five years ago?"
[1150] "Actually, before your husband passed away, he said, 'Twenty-five years ago...' That's all there was to it."
[1151] As for that confession, that's all I can say for now. If there is a thorough investigation later, they will probably come back to ask Akiko about it. Taka made this judgment.
[1152] However, there has already been some progress. Twenty-five years ago, there was indeed a murder case involving Yoshinobu. The victim was his wealthy uncle, and at that time, Yoshinobu's father had already passed away, so most of the property should have been inherited by Yoshinobu. The motive was strong. Moreover, he was in the United States at the time, so his alibi was perfect. He had a motive, an alibi - it completely met the conditions for the exchange murder.
[1153] Additionally, Taka noticed one point. In the previous confession of the exchange murder, the name of the person to be killed by the accomplice was much shorter than the name of the person killed by himself. Because it was too short, it was probably not a name but "uncle". He should have said, "Help me kill my uncle" at the time.
[1154] The next day, Monday, Taka went to the Metropolitan Police Department Criminal Records Office in Towa City as usual.
[1155] He knocked on the door of the director's office, and a voiceless voice responded, "Come in." Opening the door, the snow woman was facing the desk reading a book.
[1156] She was Hibari Yuki, the director of the Criminal Records Center. She was slender, with skin as white as snow. Her black hair was shoulder-length. Her age was unknown, but her delicate features were extremely cold, almost like a doll. Her long eyelashes adorned her double eyelids. If there were such a thing as a snow maiden in reality, she would probably look like this. Although she came from an elite background, she had been in the position of director of the Criminal Records Center for eight years, and in fact, she had been completely excluded from the elite circle.
[1157] Kou greeted her with a good morning. Hibari Yuki didn't even lift her eyes and continued to read the book silently. Kou was used to it and was not angry. Kou knew that she did not look down on him, but she simply lacked the desire to communicate with others from the bottom of her heart.
[1158] Facing the silent director who was reading the document, Kou reported the accident he experienced yesterday and the confession he made at the last moment.
[1159] "——Exchange murder?"
[1160] She finally lifted her head. Although her face was still expressionless, her big eyes narrowed slightly. It seems that she was interested.
[1161] "Yes. I asked the wife of Ueda Yoshimune, and just happened to be twenty-five years ago, on September 19, 1988, her husband's uncle was killed by bandits. The uncle was a wealthy businessman, and Ueda Yoshimune inherited a considerable amount of wealth. At that time, they were traveling in the United States, so Ueda Yoshimune had a perfect alibi. However, if the accomplice killed the uncle, the alibi would have no meaning. Therefore, if a seemingly unrelated murder case occurred on September 12th last week, and Ueda Yoshimune had no alibi at the time of the crime, it would be possible to determine that the murder Ueda Yoshimune confessed to was an exchange murder. So I would like you to check with CRSS if there was a murder case on September 12th..."
[1162] "Understood. I'll check it out."
[1163] CRSS stands for Criminal Case Retrieval System, which is the abbreviation of Criminal Case Retrieval System. After the war, the Metropolitan Police Department established this database to unify the information of all criminal cases in the jurisdiction. Each police station and research institution in the jurisdiction has terminals that can access the information in the database.
[1164] Scarlet Shishou's computer screen appeared the interface of CRSS. Smart stood behind her, staring at the screen.
[1165] CRSS only records events that are recognized as criminal cases, and accidents and suicides are not included. However, it doesn't matter. According to the confession of exchange murder yesterday, the police seem to have some suspicions about Ueda Yoshimune's accomplice, so it should be a relatively obvious murder case that has not been disguised as an accident death or suicide.
[1166] "Although Fujimoto Yoshio's wife said that her uncle was killed by bandits on September 19th, considering the possibility of her mistakenly remembering the date, let's check all the cases in September."
[1167] Hibiki said, entering "September 1988" into the search box for the date of the case. Six search results appeared on the screen, displaying basic information such as case name, date of occurrence, location, victim's name, method of murder, and name of the perpetrator. The case name is the same as the one used by the search department when the case was established.
[1168] September 12th, Hit-and-Run Murder Case of Doctor in Higashiu District, Higashiu City. The crime scene was Higashiu City's Cherry Blossom Hill. The victim was Takii Hiroshi (Takii Hiroshi), aged 34. He died from being hit by a vehicle and the driver fled the scene. The identity of the perpetrator is unknown.
[1169] September 12th, Murder Case of President of Akita Real Estate Company. The crime scene was in the Northern District of Akita. The victim was Sugiyama Hayao (Sugiyama Hayao), aged 35. He was stabbed to death. The identity of the perpetrator is unknown.
[1170] September 15th, Hanging Murder Case of OL in Yaezawa, Setagaya Ward. The crime scene was in Yaezawa, Setagaya Ward. The victim was Koyama Shizue (Koyama Shizue), aged 26. The death was disguised as a hanging, but it was actually a strangulation. The perpetrator was her ex-boyfriend.
[1171] On September 19th, there was a case of a businessman named Tomobe Masayoshi being killed in Fujimoto, Kitaogashima City. He was 67 years old. He was beaten to death with a blunt object. The identity of the perpetrator is unknown.
[1172] On September 22nd, there was a case of a shop owner named Mikami Shinpei being drowned to death in Nishi-Futakotamagawa, Ota City. He was 50 years old. He was killed by drowning in a public bath. The perpetrator was another shop owner in the same shopping street.
[1173] On September 26th, there was a case of a housewife named Saitou Chiaki being pushed onto the tracks and killed by a train at JR Shinagawa Station, Keihin-Tohoku Line. She was 34 years old. The perpetrator is unknown.
[1174] "The case of the businessman killed on September 19th should be the case in which Ueda Shizuka's uncle was killed. It seems that Ueda Shizuka's memory is accurate."
[1175] "According to Ueda Yoshinobu's confession, he killed the victim first, and then the accomplice acted a week later. The date of the uncle Ueda Masayoshi's murder was September 19th, so Ueda Yoshinobu must have killed the victim himself a week earlier – September 12th."
[1176] On that day, there were two murders. The first one was the hit-and-run murder of a doctor in Higashiyamato City, and the second one was the murder of the president of Reddy Real Estate Co., Ltd. Both victims were male, which is consistent with the confession. Therefore, yesterday's confession should not be a lie.
[1177] The question is, which of these two cases did Tomobe Masayoshi commit?
[1178] "What case do you think Tomobe Masayoshi committed, headmaster?"
[1179] "I don't know yet. There is a need for further investigation."
[1180] Further investigation - this phrase came out of Akiba Miyuki's mouth.
[1181] Since January this year, Hibikuro has witnessed two successful cases solved through re-investigation. The first one was the mysterious case that occurred in 1998 - the blackmail and murder case of the president of Nakajima Bread Company, and the second one was the case of the female university student and professor murdered in 1993, which ended with the suspect's death. Hibikuro made extremely bold deductions based on the evidence preserved in the "Red Museum". At that time, it was Hibikuro who, replacing the temple, who was not good at questioning due to his communication skills, ran around to conduct re-investigation.
[1182] "Understood."
[1183] "There is a part of Fujita Yoshinobu's confession that I am concerned about. He said 'not only that, I also...' and then died, right?"
[1184] "I'm sorry, but I really couldn't hear it clearly... By the way, I think it's necessary to report Fujita Yoshinobu's confession to the Investigation Department, what do you think..."
[1185] "Why? If there was an exchange murder, the statute of limitations would have been established. The Investigation Department will not intervene in cases where the statute of limitations has been established. Because even if they find the perpetrator of the case where the statute of limitations has been established, they cannot hold them criminally responsible, which is meaningless for the Investigation Department."
[1186]Akashi Subaru seemed determined to conduct re-investigation without informing the Investigation Department.
[1187]"Indeed, even if we tell them about the exchange murder now, the Investigation Department will not take action. But I don't think we should hide such important information. All information should be shared, that's the iron rule of the police organization."
[1188]However, Akashi Subaru's brain simply did not have the concept of "sharing information with others."
[1189]"Then why don't we just tell them the result after the re-investigation is over?"
[1190]"I feel that this would offend the Investigation Department..."
[1191] "Why? They're the ones who didn't conduct a new investigation themselves. What's there to offend?"
[1192] It would be embarrassing to have someone else in your field take the lead with information you don't know about – that's what Kenji wanted to explain to Scarlet Satsuki, but he couldn't bring himself to say it. Because Scarlet Satsuki's dictionary doesn't even have words like "field," "lead," or "embarrassment."
[1193] "Also, do you not worry about the possibility that I misheard Fuyuki's confession or accidentally altered my memory?"
[1194] "Do you think you misheard or altered your memory?"
[1195] "I don't think so."
[1196] "If you don't think so, then I believe it. At least, I have a lot of trust in your observation and memory."
[1197] The Criminal Records Museum preserves not only evidence but also investigation records of cases. Kudo retrieved the investigation records of three cases from the investigation records storage room: the murder of the entrepreneur in Kamakura City, the murder of the fleeing doctor in Hachioji City, and the murder of the president of Akaba Real Estate Company.
[1198] This time, Kudo vowed to find the truth before Rokudo Maki. Although she is an elite investigator with no experience in investigations, she is undeniably a genius detective in terms of ability, which Kudo also acknowledges. However, he was also a member of the Investigation Department seven months ago and entered this elite circle of detectives everyone envies at the age of thirty. He must show her his mettle.
[1199] Moreover, he was the one who heard Yoshida Yoshio's dying confession and uncovered this twenty-five-year-old exchange murder case. Resolving this case is his responsibility.
[1200] In the previous two cases, Rokudo Maki had already grasped the truth while reading the investigation records, and she sent Kudo to question the suspects only to verify her ideas. So in this case, she may also be able to capture the truth just by looking at the investigation records. To compete with her, Kudo must also be prepared to find the truth solely based on the investigation records.
[1201] Ken and Akiko passed the three investigation records back and forth. Silently reading the investigation records together in the same room as the snow woman, it was like being in a snow-covered mountain.
[1202] First, the case of the murder of the Numata City entrepreneur.
[1203] The victim, Yutaka Fujita, was 67 years old at the time of the murder. He was single and had accumulated a considerable amount of wealth through stock trading. On September 20th, around 10:30 a.m., his maid found his body in his residence in Numata City, Fuji. Yutaka Fujita seemed to have been beaten to death while going to the safe. The estimated time of death was between 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. the previous day, September 19th. There were bruises on the back of his head, and the murder weapon, a golf club, was lying next to the body. The golf club belonged to Yutaka Fujita, and the cloth used to wipe it was also lying nearby. The safe door was open, and it was empty.
[1204] After examining the crime scene, the police believed that the perpetrator had broken in, threatened Yutaka Fujita to open the safe, and Yutaka Fujita had tried to escape when he was hit on the back of the head with the golf club by the perpetrator. Since the wound was on the left side of the head, it could be inferred that the perpetrator was left-handed.
[1205] At the time of the murder, Yutaka Fujita was concerned about the financial situation of his health equipment company. Therefore, he became a natural suspect for the police. However, he and his wife were in the United States traveling at the time of the crime, and his alibi was perfect. Moreover, the perpetrator was left-handed, while Yutaka Fujita was right-handed. The police also considered the possibility that the perpetrator intentionally disguised his dominant hand to evade suspicion, but after questioning Yutaka Fujita's former friends, they found out that Yutaka Fujita had always been a right-handed person.
[1206] Next, there was the case of the runaway driver who killed the doctor in Choubu City.
[1207] The victim, Taki Hiroshi, was a physician at the hospital and was 34 years old at the time of the incident. On September 12th around 10:00 p.m., he was hit and killed while walking home in Choubu City, Kakinoha. The main suspect quickly emerged - Kuniharu from Tokyo Waterworks Bureau. Kuniharu had a younger sister named Shiko, who was a nurse at the hospital where Taki Hiroshi worked. She used to be Taki's lover, but Taki broke up with her to propose to the daughter of the hospital's board chairman. Moreover, just recently, Taki had convinced Shiko to abort the child in her womb, claiming that it was too early to get married now. Shiko's mental state became very unstable, and she eventually ended her life by taking a large amount of strong sedatives. Kuniharu was very fond of his younger sister and became extremely resentful of Taki after her suicide. However, Kuniharu had an alibi. From 6:00 p.m. on September 12th to 3:00 a.m. the next day, he was on night duty at the Tokyo Waterworks Bureau. Several colleagues testified that they had been working with him all the time.
[1208] Finally, there was the case of the murder of the president of Aka Fuutou Company.
[1209] Sakamura Haruo was the president of Sakamura Real Estate Company at the time of the incident, and was 35 years old. At around 9:00 p.m. on September 12th, he was stabbed to death shortly after leaving his company in the North Akabu district. The police quickly identified the main suspect. It was his younger brother, Keiichiro, who was the vice president of the same company and often disagreed with his brother's management policies. However, Keiichiro had an alibi. After work, he took the JR Chiyoda Line to Ikebukuro and went for a walk, and coincidentally met a high school friend around 9:00 p.m. They were drinking at a izakaya in front of Ikebukuro Station. The izakaya staff still remembered Keiichiro's face.
[1210] The two spent the whole day reading these three search documents. They only interrupted for lunch. At noon, the janitor Nakamura Meiko appeared in the director's room and saw the two silently flipping through the search documents. She shook her head in surprise and left without saying
[1211] When Sato finished reading the last set of investigation materials on the chairman of the Red Feather Real Estate Company, the clock had already struck 8 pm. His eyes were aching from overuse. Normally, Sato would leave work and go home at 5:30 pm without fail, never staying late, but this time he forgot about the passage of time because he was determined to solve the case before Yomikawa.
[1212] Sato looked at Yomikawa, who seemed to have finished reading the investigation materials. She placed the investigation materials on the case of the fleeing accident doctor killing in Tachikawa City on the table and looked thoughtful.
[1213] "Kunori Junichi, the brother of the chairman of the Red Feather Real Estate Company, Keiichiro, both have strong motives, but they have perfect alibis - that is, Kunori Junichi and Sugiyama Keiichiro both meet the conditions for exchanging murders. The two suspects in these two cases could be accomplices in exchanging murders."
[1214] The director nodded.
[1215] "Which one do you think it is?"
[1216] In response to Takaishi's question, Akaishi Kurahime replied, "I don't know yet." It seems that even someone as intelligent as her cannot figure out the truth just by reading the search records.
[1217] "I think an accomplice should meet three conditions. First, they must not have an alibi for September 19th, the day of Fudate Masami's murder. Second, considering the injuries Fudate Masami sustained, the perpetrator should be left-handed. Third, they should have some connection with Fudate Yoshinobu."
[1218] "Some connection with Fudate Yoshinobu?"
[1219] "In the exchange murder described in mystery novels, it usually goes like this: two strangers meet by chance, discover they both want to kill someone, and agree to a switched murder. Although this is a common plot, there is a very real problem: it's hard to imagine two strangers who don't know each other would be able to progress the conversation to the point of discussing murder. A more reasonable scenario would be two people who have known each other but haven't seen each other in a long time, and when they meet again, they start talking about murder. In other words, Fudate Yoshinobu must have known either Kuniharu Shin or Yasuaki Sugiyama."
[1220] "That makes sense. However, based on the information in the search records, Fudate Yoshinobu doesn't seem to have any common points with these two. They went to different schools, had different jobs, and different hobbies. They also didn't have any mutual acquaintances. There's no evidence to prove that Fudate Yoshinobu knew Kuniharu Shin or Yasuaki Sugiyama before."
[1221] "That's because the investigation was not conducted with the premise that they had an overlap. That's why we ignored the possible overlap. If we conduct the investigation with the premise of having an overlap, we will definitely have some findings."
[1222] "In any case, I want to go see Fudou Momiji first and hear her side of the story. Then find an opportunity to meet Juno Shin and Sugiyama Kei."
[1223] The next morning at 9 o'clock, Chou dialed the phone number of Fudou Momiji and learned that she was still at the Petit Hotel in Shinjuku. So Chou went to the JR Mitaka Station, which is the closest to the crime materials museum, and took the Chuo Line to Shinjuku.
[1224] Truejiro said that she had taken the body back from the Central Medical University Hospital yesterday and cremated it.
[1225] "The funeral is scheduled for two days later, to be held on Amami Oshima. My husband's company went bankrupt two years ago, and those were really tough times for us... We don't want to hold the funeral in Tokyo, where we have no good memories."
[1226] "It's not hard to imagine…"
[1227] "Never mind that. What brings you here today?"
[1228] "It's still about the last-minute message your husband left. I said that he only left the phrase 'Twenty-five years ago…' when he passed away, but that's not entirely true. In fact, your husband made a very shocking confession."
[1229] "Shocking confession? My husband?"
[1230] Tomoki revealed the content of the confession. Yuki Takahashi's face turned pale.
[1231] "Didn't you hear it wrong?"
[1232] "No, your husband really said that, without a doubt. In fact, there were two murder cases on September 12, 1988, that matched the content of your husband's confession."
[1233] "However, my husband and his uncle had a very good relationship. He couldn't possibly commit such a terrible act."
[1234] "Your husband's company was facing some financial difficulties at the time, wasn't it?"
[1235] "Yes, your husband's company was indeed facing some financial difficulties at that time."
[1236] "What are you trying to say? Do you mean my husband had a motive to harm his uncle?"
[1237] "I apologize, but that's exactly what I mean. Do you remember what your husband did on September 12?"
[1238] "How could I remember something that happened twenty-five years ago?"
[1239] This is true. The events of September 19, the day her uncle was killed, would have been asked countless times during the investigation, so the memory of her trip to America would have been deeply engraved in her mind. However, there was no reason to remember anything else.
[1240] "How was your husband after your uncle was killed?"
[1241] "Needless to say, he was devastated. We returned from America on the evening of the 20th and received a call from the police telling us that the uncle had passed away... My husband cried like a child, and I still remember that scene vividly. He was overwhelmed with grief, and the next day he had to go to the hospital due to a problem with his appendix and had to stay there for a week, so he couldn't serve as the main mourner at the funeral. I had to take his place. After that, he was unable to regain his spirits and remained very depressed."
[1242] Will the wife know about her husband's plan? Will the husband confide in his wife? Shinjiro is suspicious. No, he shouldn't have confided in her. If the husband had told everything to his wife, letting her know that he intended to kill, and if she had accepted this, then Fudou Yoshinobu should have found a way to make his wife his accomplice. On one hand, there is his wife, who has become a fate-bound partner, and on the other hand, there is the exchange killer who may betray him at any time. Which side is more trustworthy is obvious. Conversely, Fudou Yoshinobu's decision not to make his wife an accomplice should indicate that he did not confide in her about his plan.
[1243] Shinjiro noticed that there seemed to be some coldness in Fudou Yoshinobu and Akiko's marriage. Although she was greatly shocked by Fudou Yoshinobu's death, she did not seem to have a deep sadness. Her reaction upon hearing her husband's confession seemed to be more out of concern that the fact that her husband was a murderer would tarnish her reputation rather than out of love for her husband.
[1244] "Wild Borough" is a five-story apartment building in the Wild Borough of East Village City. It is said to have been built over thirty years ago and is quite old.
[1245] Ringing the doorbell at Room 304, a middle-aged man with a well-featured face opened the door. He should be in his fifties, but his white hair makes him look much older. That cold white hair makes one wonder what kind of cruel fate this man has suffered.
[1246] "Are you Mr. Kunihiko?" Kunihiko asked. The man nodded silently.
[1247] "I am Terauchi Kunihiko from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Investigation Records Office. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to meet you."
[1248] In the records of the search for the hit-and-run doctor in Chuo City, the address and phone number of the main suspect, Kunihiko Kunihiko, were recorded. Kunihiko thought it was normal for Kunihiko to have moved even though the address was from twenty-five years ago. However, when he called, the voice on the other end replied, "I am Kunihiko." After confirming that it was indeed Kunihiko Kunihiko, Kunihiko said that he was from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Investigation Records Office and was currently constructing a case database, but that some formality was missing in the record of the Takeda Hiroshi murder case, and that he wanted to confirm it again.
[1249] "Please come in."
[1250] Kunihiko said, and Kunihiko walked into the kitchen. Although it was clean, there were hardly any furniture, and it felt a bit lonely. Kunihiko took out his business card and handed it to Kunihiko. Kunihiko reached out his right hand to receive it and casually glanced at it before placing it on the dining table.
[1251] It seemed that Jun Yuan was right-handed. This was inconsistent with the perpetrator of the Ueda Masato murder case, but it was also possible that Jun Yuan knew that the police had identified the left-handed suspect, so he intentionally changed his hand habits in the twenty-five years that followed. With twenty-five years, he could have practiced to be indistinguishable from a naturally right-handed person.
[1252] "What are the missing formal contents?"
[1253] Jun Yuan asked. Soichiro thought back to the search records and selected suitable details to ask Jun Yuan. Jun Yuan answered each one in a monotonous manner. There was no enthusiasm in his voice. Jun Yuan loved his sister very much. It seemed that on the day his sister died twenty-five years ago, his life had stopped.
[1254] After asking for a long time, Soichiro bowed and said, "Thank you very much. That's all."
[1255] Soichiro was attracted by the photo on the wall. In the photo, the young Jun Yuan was with a twenty-year-old girl, both of them smiling carefree.
[1256] "...It's my sister."
[1257] It seems that Jun noticed the wise one's gaze and whispered.
[1258] "Although I noticed that she was worried, I didn't ask her what she was worried about. If I had paid more attention, maybe she wouldn't have committed suicide..."
[1259] The wise one felt very difficult to open his mouth, but finally asked it out.
[1260] "How did you feel when you heard about the murder of Sasaki?"
[1261] "I don't know who did it, but I want to thank him. At the same time, I regret not killing him myself."
[1262] It was surprising that she spoke so boldly in front of the police.
[1263] "What were you doing on September 19th, a week after Zhou Jing's death? Do you remember?"
[1264] "— September 19th? Why do you want to know about that day?"
[1265] "Actually, the person who killed Zhou Jing Hong has appeared."
[1266] Jun Harumi's lifeless face showed some change.
[1267] "The killer of Sugita appeared?"
[1268] "Yes."
[1269] "Then, what does that have to do with September 19th? I don't understand what you're trying to say…"
[1270] "The killer said he did an exchange murder. As a price for killing Sugita, someone helped him kill his uncle on September 19th."
[1271] Jun'an returned to his previous expressionless state. He didn't show any signs of distress or urgency upon hearing that the accomplice in the exchange murder had betrayed him.
[1272] "So, you're suspecting me of being involved in that exchange murder, right? Did the person mention my name when confessing the accomplices?"
[1273] "No, he didn't mention your name. He only said that he killed Taki in the exchange murder."
[1274] "If it were me, I wouldn't engage in an exchange murder. I would have killed Taki myself to satisfy my anger. Handing it over to someone else to do it wouldn't quench my rage, you understand, right?"
[1275] The headquarters of Sugiyama Real Estate Company is located in the North District of Akabane, a six-story, newly renovated building. It seems to have been rebuilt on the site of the company building where the incident occurred twenty-five years ago. Given the current economic climate, the fact that they were able to renovate the building suggests that the company's performance is quite good.
[1276] Ei was taken to the sixth floor of the company's headquarters, where a man in his sixties, with a large belly but full of vigor, rose from behind his desk and approached with a smile. He extended his hand to Ei, whose grip was surprisingly strong. This man is the current president of the Sugiyama Real Estate Company, and the prime suspect in the murder of the company's former president twenty-five years ago, Mr. Sugiyama Keiichi.
[1277] Ei introduced himself as "Tempei from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Records Research Office" and handed over his business card. Keiichi took it with his left hand. He is likely left-handed.
[1278] "The Criminal Records Research Office? What do you do there?"
[1279] Ei briefly explained his duties.
[1280] "There were some minor details missing from the case of your brother's murder twenty-five years ago, so I wanted to confirm them with you."
[1281] Just like when meeting with Kumagawa Jin, Cōng recalled the contents of the investigation report and asked Sugiyama Keiichi appropriate details.
[1282] Sugiyama seemed to be recalling the situation, closing his eyes.
[1283] "That day, I went home after drinking with my high school friends, took a bath, and went to bed. The police called in the middle of the night, saying that my brother was found dead near the company... I was so scared that my heart almost stopped. If someone had told the police that I killed my brother and made them suspect me, I would have been cleared of all charges. Yes, I did have a disagreement with my brother on the company's business policy, but we grew up together since we were babies, and our relationship was still good as long as we were not at the company. Fortunately, the alibi of drinking with friends in Ikebukuro was established, otherwise the consequences would have been disastrous…"
[1284] "After the incident, you must have been very busy with your brother's funeral and handling various affairs at the company."
[1285] "That's right, I was overwhelmed."
[1286] "Do you remember what you were doing on September 19th, a week after the incident?"
[1287] "September 19th? What's with this out-of-nowhere question? I can't remember anything. I was probably handling various company matters, but I can't recall the specifics."
[1288] This reaction was expected.
[1289] "What about September 19th?"
[1290] "Actually, the person who killed your brother has appeared."
[1291] Sugiyama Kei-iku widened his eyes.
[1292] "—The person who killed my brother? Which bastard is it?"
[1293] "I'm sorry, but we can't provide you with more information at this time."
[1294] "Why not? I'm my brother's only brother. Don't I have the right to know who killed him?"
[1295] "I'm sorry, but we can't disclose that information yet. We're still verifying the suspect's statement."
[1296] Sugiyama complained a bit more, suddenly realizing something.
[1297] "No, I don't get it. The murderer of my brother has appeared. Why are you asking me what I did on September 19th? Is there any connection?"
[1298] "That person said they committed an exchange murder. As a trade for killing your brother on the twelfth, someone helped that person kill their uncle, who they wanted to get rid of on the nineteenth."
[1299] Anger rose on Sugiyama Keiichiro's face.
[1300] "——Well, I see. You suspect me of killing that man's uncle, don't you?"
[1301] "How did you know it was a man?"
[1302] "Don't play word games with me. Just use your brain a little. There's no reason for a woman to kill my brother, it's definitely a man. That man said I was his accomplice in the swap murder, right? Who is it? Damn liar!"
[1303] "He didn't say you were an accomplice in the swap murder. He just said that as part of the swap murder, he killed your brother."
[1304] You can't tell him that the person is already dead. Let him guess how much more truth the person might reveal, thus putting pressure on him.
[1305] "Let me see that liar. I want to rip off his face in person."
[1306] It seems that Sugiyama is just angry. There is no sign of embarrassment and urgency when he finds out that his accomplice in the exchange murder betrayed him. But this may be his desperate attempt to bluff. It's also possible that he already knows from the news that Fujimoto Yoshinobu died in a car accident, so he knows the police won't let him confront the culprit.
[1307] "I'm sorry, but we can't arrange a meeting for you right now. We're still investigating whether he really killed your brother."
[1308] "You already said it, right? As long as we leave the company, my brother and I are still good brothers. You police are still suspicious of me, give me a break!"
[1309] "We're not suspicious of you, we just want to ask you some questions to exclude you from the suspect list. By the way, do you still remember what you did on September 19th?"
[1310] "Of course I can't remember! It's bullshit!"
[1311] In the end, the investigation failed to determine the whereabouts of Junyan Shin and Sawamura Keiichiro on September 19th. They were told that the accomplice in the exchange murder had confessed, but neither of them showed any signs of embarrassment or urgency. Although Junyan Shin appears to be right-handed, it is not difficult to change hand habits with 25 years of practice.
[1312] The true culprit must be one of the two, but there is no decisive evidence to support this.
[1313] Who could be chosen as an accomplice in an exchange murder? As he pondered this question on the JNR Kyozaki Line train back home, Sato wondered. The accomplice in an exchange murder is actually a fate-bound pair based on trust, and in this sense, it is somewhat similar to a married couple. No, the strength of this bond should be even stronger than that of a married couple. Once married couples stop trusting each other, they can divorce, but the accomplice in an exchange murder cannot leave the other. Leaving means betrayal, which means the crime will be exposed. Until death separates the two - this phrase used in wedding ceremonies is more suitable for the accomplice in an exchange murder than for married couples.
[1314] However, unlike married couples, the accomplice in an exchange murder has very few opportunities to meet each other. They must avoid contact with each other before and after the crime, as an iron rule of an exchange murder. If they accidentally come into contact, there is a high probability that the police will discover the existence of the accomplice, and the meaning of the exchange murder will be lost.
[1315] The accomplice in an exchange murder must not only forge a bond stronger than that of a married couple but also strictly adhere to the prohibition on contact, like the Cowherd and the Weaver Girl who can only meet once a year.
[1316] However, they cannot completely cut off contact. There must be moments of insecurity between them that the other person will betray them. To alleviate this insecurity, discreet contact is still necessary.
[1317] If they contact each other by phone, checking the mobile phone and fixed-line call records of Tomoyuki Yoshida may reveal the accomplice. However, upon further consideration, this is not feasible. Tomoyuki Yoshida's smartphone was damaged in the accident and cannot be used to check the call records. To investigate the call records preserved by the telecommunications company, a search warrant would need to be obtained, but this case has already reached the statute of limitations, and the court will not issue a search warrant. Hakuba and Akagi's current activities can only be considered research and do not constitute an investigation.
[1318] Will there be any other records of communication between accomplices? Hakuba racked his brain, trying to figure it out.
[1319] Just then, a sudden flash of inspiration struck him.
[1320]
[1321] Whether there are records of contact is not important, what is important is the fact that they have communicated.
[1322] Akio has already determined who the accomplice is between Kubo Jun and Tsuyama Keiichiro.
[1323] Akio returned to the crime data center and came to the office of the director, reporting the content of his conversation with Kubo Jun, Kubo Fumio, and Tsuyama Keiichiro.
[1324] "Thank you for your hard work."
[1325] "Do you have any ideas?"
[1326] "Actually, I have something I'm considering, about dominant hand..."
[1327] Dominant hand? Is there anything suspicious about the dominant hand? It's clear that Jun Origami is right-handed and Sugiyama Kei is left-handed. In Kou's reasoning, the dominant hand is not an important factor, which makes Kou uneasy. He suppresses his unease and speaks.
[1328] "In fact, from the results of the questioning, I think I already know who between Jun Origami and Sugiyama Kei is the accomplice of Yuzuki Shouji..."
[1329] "Go ahead."
[1330] "Yuzuki Shouji and his accomplice, after carrying out the exchange murder, what will they do? I believe they are afraid of the police's gaze and do not dare to have direct contact while maintaining some kind of secret communication. Because there must be a concern that the accomplice will betray each other, they must maintain contact to alleviate this concern.
[1331] "Friend of Justice's health equipment company went bankrupt two years ago due to poor performance. Meanwhile, Sugiyama Kei's company rebuilt a six-story new office building on the original site, indicating good performance. If the accomplice is Sugiyama Kei, what would Friend of Justice think when he sees Sugiyama's success? He lost all the money he gained from the murder and used it for company operations, while Sugiyama's company thrived after taking over through murder…
[1332] "In the case of exchanging murderers with the same motive of money, if both parties can make money, of course, it will be great. But if one party loses money, he should feel dissatisfied - why am I still losing while you are so successful? If one party is motivated by money and the other by revenge, since the motives are different, there will be no such dissatisfaction. But if both parties are motivated by money, that dissatisfaction is inevitable. Moreover, the one who loses money may even threaten the one who makes money, asking for money. Since the murder committed by the accomplices is the same, the one who gains less can completely threaten the one who gains more by threatening to expose the crime.
[1333] "Similarly, Friend of Justice's company's poor performance means he can definitely threaten Sugiyama and ask for financial support. Sugiyama's company has been doing well. But what happened? Friend of Justice's company still went bankrupt. This shows that his accomplice is Jun Harumi. Jun Harumi is poor and Friend of Justice would never threaten him because his motive for killing from the beginning was revenge, which is opposite to Friend of Justice. Friend of Justice would not be dissatisfied with Jun Harumi's success.
[1334] "If the accomplice is Sugiyama Kei, Friend of Justice would definitely threaten Sugiyama, right? But have you considered that Friend of Justice may not be the kind of person who would threaten others? Have you thought about it?"
[1335] "I'm sorry, but I don't agree. He killed his own uncle to inherit his legacy, which shows that he is capable of killing someone without any grudge against him. I don't think such a person would have a strong sense of morality. In the situation where Friend of Justice's company is losing money while Sugiyama's company is making a fortune, I think Friend of Justice would definitely threaten Sugiyama. Even if Friend of Justice is not the kind of person who would threaten others, Sugiyama, when he sees his accomplice's company in trouble and about to collapse, should also feel uneasy. He would be afraid that Friend of Justice would give up and let the police catch him, thus exposing the entire truth of the exchange murder. So he should extend a helping hand to Friend of Justice's company. Even from this perspective, the result is the same - if the accomplice is Sugiyama, Friend of Justice's company would not go bankrupt."
[1336] "In other words, Junyan is the accomplice. Although he seems to be right-handed, he may have been left-handed originally. He may have anticipated that the police knew about the murder-for-hire and suspected him of killing Yosuke Fudou, so he pretended to be right-handed in front of me. He may have changed his hand preference after killing Yosuke Fudou and seeing news reports that the killer was left-handed, and intentionally changed his hand preference for the next twenty-five years. Within twenty-five years, he could have practiced to be as good as a naturally right-handed person - and also, from the alibi, it can be determined that Keiji is not the accomplice.
[1337] "Alibi?"
[1338] "Keiji's alibi is that he was drinking with a high school friend at a izakaya in front of Ikebukuro Station when his brother was killed. The friend was someone he met while walking around Ikebukuro after work. If Keiji is the perpetrator, he must have prepared an alibi for himself before committing the crime. He would not rely on an alibi based on meeting someone randomly on the street. On the contrary, because Keiji's alibi is based on a chance encounter, he cannot be the perpetrator.
[1339] "That may not be the case. Keiji may have prepared an alibi in Ikebukuro but changed his mind when he met his friend and decided to use the alibi instead.”
[1340] "So, you think Keiji Sugiyama is the perpetrator, right?"
[1341] "No, I didn't say that."
[1342] Tomi was confused by the colorful Shizuka. The accomplice must be between Jun Origami and Hayashi Kei, and there is no doubt about it. Which one does she think it is?
[1343] "Actually, while you were out investigating, I noticed a contradiction regarding Yudate Masao's dominant hand."
[1344] "——A contradiction regarding dominant hand?"
[1345] "The investigation records state that Yudate Masao was right-handed. The fatal wound on the left rear of the turning Yudate Masao's brain suggests that the perpetrator was left-handed, while Yudate Masao was right-handed, and he also had an alibi, so he was cleared of suspicion, right?"
[1346] "However, according to your report, the Yoshida Yoshimitsu who died in the traffic accident, his wallet was placed in the left buttock pocket of his jeans. This proves that he is left-handed. Because for left-handed people, the left pocket is more convenient. That is, twenty-five years ago, Yoshida Yoshimitsu was actually right-handed, but yesterday, when he died, he had become left-handed. How do you explain that?"
[1347] Zhong was speechless.
[1348] "The first answer that comes to mind is that he changed his hand habits in the twenty-five years. The reason for doing so must be that there is some reason why using the right hand is inconvenient. If it is changed from left-handed to right-handed, it can be understood that in social life, right-handed people are more convenient, but it is from right-handed to left-handed, which will only bring more inconvenience. So this explanation does not work, so it must be that there is something wrong with his right hand.
[1349] "However, he was able to drive the rented car smoothly, which means that his right hand is not a problem. After all, if there is a problem with the right hand, even operating the steering wheel would be very difficult. That is, there is no reason for him to change from right-handed to left-handed. Therefore, the answer 'he changed his hand habits' has lost its value.
[1350] "So the only possibility left is that the Yoshida Yoshimitsu with different dominant hands twenty-five years ago and the man who died in the traffic accident yesterday are not the same person."
[1351] "Not... the same person?"
[1352] Dumbfounded.
[1353] "Yes, not the same person. Another person became Yoshio Ueda."
[1354] "Wait, how is that possible? His wife, True, even went to the hospital to confirm the body."
[1355] "Perhaps Yoshio Ueda's wife deliberately lied to you to hide the truth."
[1356] "When did the identity switch happen? Why did it happen? Who was the one pretending to be Yuda Isobe? Where is the real Yuda Isobe?"
[1357] "We'll discuss these questions later. For now, let's call the person pretending to be Yuda Isobe X. First, we need to figure out what X said before dying. Were those words spoken as Yuda Isobe or as X himself?"
[1358] "Let's assume for a moment that he spoke as Yuda Isobe. In that case, why would X confess to the exchange murder? If it was Yuda Isobe himself, he might have confessed out of guilt and a desire for atonement before dying. But X is not Yuda Isobe, so he wouldn't have that kind of atonement consciousness. So, was he trying to expose Yuda Isobe's crime? But if so, there would be no need to continue pretending to be Yuda Isobe, as it would be much easier to denounce him using his own identity. In that case, we should interpret those words as X's confession."
[1359] "That's true. Moreover, at that time, X should have known that he was dying soon. With death imminent, there was no need to lie."
[1360] "Therefore, we need to reinterpret X's dying confession from a completely different perspective."
[1361] - "Twenty-five years ago, in September, I committed a crime... exchanged murders..."
[1362] - "First, I killed the man called... One week later... the accomplice helped me kill... (omitted name)"
[1363] In Takano's mind, the scene of the man dying in front of him replayed.
[1364] "On September 12, 1988, Takeda Hiroshi and Sugiyama Hiroshi were killed, and one week later, on September 19, Yoshinobu Sato was killed. From X's dying confession, we know that Yoshinobu Sato killed the accomplice's target, either Takeda Hiroshi or Sugiyama Hiroshi, and then one week later, the accomplice killed Yoshinobu Sato's target, Yoshinobu Sato. We have always believed this to be the case."
[1365] "However, the person making the confession was not Yoshinobu Sato, but X. X said, 'I and the accomplice both have people we want to kill,' and 'but the motives are too obvious, and if we kill them, we'll be exposed.' In the case of Yoshinobu Sato's murder, there was a clear motive for inheritance. Therefore, X's words indicate that Yoshinobu Sato was killed because someone was after his property."
[1366] "But X is not Ueda Seigi's nephew Ueda Seigi, and has no blood relationship with Ueda Seigi, so he cannot inherit his estate. In other words, X had no reason to kill Ueda Seigi.
[1367] "This means that Ueda Seigi was not X's target - the person X asked the accomplice to kill was not Ueda Seigi. Therefore, if the accomplice did not kill Ueda Seigi on September 19, X could not have killed Sasaki Hiroshi or Sugiyama Hiroshi a week earlier on the twelfth.
[1368] "X killed neither Sasaki Hiroshi nor Sugiyama Hiroshi...?"
[1369] So, have I been searching for the victim of the murder swap in a completely off-target place all this time?
[1370] "Then, who did X kill? What case did his accomplice commit?"
[1371] "There is a week's interval between X's case and his accomplice's case. In September 1988, Tokyo had six murder cases, of which, in addition to the cases of Takii Hiroshi and Sugiyama Hayao, there are two other combinations that meet the condition of being separated by a week."
[1372] "There are two more?"
[1373] Hibikura Satsuki displayed the CCRS interface on the computer screen to show information about the cases in September 1988.
[1374] September 12th, Hit-and-Run Doctor Murder Case in Higashiu City. The crime scene was Higashiu City Cherry Blossom Hill. The victim was Takii Hiroshi (Takii Hiroshi), 34 years old. The victim died from being hit by a vehicle and the perpetrator fled the scene. The perpetrator is unknown.
[1375] September 12th, Chairman of Akage Real Estate Company Murder Case. The crime scene was in the northern district of Akage. The victim was Sugiyama Hayao (Sugiyama Hayao), 35 years old. The victim was stabbed to death. The perpetrator is unknown.
[1376] On September 15th, the murder case of Koyama Shizue, an OL in Yaezawa, Setagaya. The crime scene was in Yaezawa, Setagaya. The victim was Koyama Shizue, aged 26, who was strangled to death, pretending to have hanged herself. The perpetrator was her ex-boyfriend.
[1377] On September 19th, the murder case of Tomobe Masayoshi, an entrepreneur in Kita-Funabashi. The crime scene was in Kita-Funabashi, Kita. The victim was Tomobe Masayoshi, aged 67, who was beaten to death with a blunt object. The identity of the perpetrator is unknown.
[1378] On September 22nd, the drowning murder case of Mikami Shinpei, the owner of a store in Nishibouzu, Ota. The crime scene was in Nishibouzu, Ota. The victim was Mikami Shinpei, aged 50, who was drowned to death in a public bath. The perpetrator was the owner of the same shopping street.
[1379] On September 26th, the murder case of Saitou Chiaki, a housewife at JR Shinagawa Station on the Kyushu-Shikoku Line. The crime scene was at JR Shinagawa Station on the Kyushu-Shikoku Line. The victim was Saitou Chiaki, aged 34, who was pushed onto the tracks and killed by an oncoming train. The identity of the perpetrator is unknown.
[1380] "…The first combination is the murder case of Koyama Shizue on September 15th and the drowning murder case of Mikami Shinpei on September 22nd. The second combination is the murder case of Tomobe Masayoshi on September 19th and the murder case of Saitou Chiaki on September 26th."
[1381] "That's right. So, which pair of cases do you think X and the accomplice committed? According to X's confession, X killed first, and the victim was a man. Therefore, the first group, which includes the September 15th Koenjiharu OL hanging murder case and the September 22nd Nishimuratani shop owner drowning case, does not fit the bill. In other words, the second group - the September 19th Tomobe Masayoshi murder case and the September 26th Shinagawa Station housewife murder case - is the one where X and the accomplice exchanged killings. X killed Tomobe Masayoshi, and then the accomplice killed Saitou Chiaki."
[1382] "…I killed the guy…a week later…the accomplice helped me…kill him…"
[1383] Recalling X's final confession, it was X who killed Tomobe Masayoshi, not the accomplice.
[1384] "By the way, the perpetrator of Tomobe Masayoshi's murder was assumed to be left-handed, and X is indeed left-handed, so the conditions match."
[1385] "Exactly. So, who is X? He said, 'I and the accomplice both have people we want to kill,' and 'but the motive is too obvious, and killing them would definitely expose us.' This means that the person who had a clear motive to kill Saitou Chiaki and had an alibi at the time of the crime is X."
[1386] "I'll go get the investigation materials for the murder of the housewife at Shinagawa Station!"
[1387] Higuchi just stood up, when Higuchi said, "It's ready," and took out a file from the drawer.
[1388] "In this case, there is indeed a suspect who had a strong motive to kill Chiyoko Shiozawa but was able to clear his name due to a perfect alibi. That person is Chiyoko Shiozawa's husband. He was at odds with his wife, seeking divorce, but she stubbornly refused. At the time of her death, he was at his usual hair salon, with an unshakable alibi. He was 37 years old at the time of the crime, and 25 years later, he is now 62 years old. The man you met who made the final confession is around that age. His name is Shiozawa Shiroshi."
[1389] X - Shiozawa Shiroshi said in his final confession, "It was my accomplice who helped me kill my wife," not "my accomplice helped me kill my uncle."
[1390] "So, who is the accomplice? The only one with a clear motive to kill Fujita Yoshiyuki is his nephew, Fujita Yoshiyuki, isn't it? After all, it's him, right?"
[1391] "No, Masato couldn't kill Chiaki Saito. Truejiro said they returned from America on September 20th, and the next day, Masato was hospitalized for a week due to appendicitis. On the day Chiaki was murdered, September 26th, Masato was still in the hospital and couldn't have killed anyone."
[1392] "Then who else could it be…"
[1393] "There is another person who could benefit from Yudate Masato's death and had a perfect alibi at the time of his murder."
[1394] "Who?"
[1395] "Truejiro."
[1396] "Ah, is that so…"
[1397] "Yoshinobu inherited Yoshinobu's inheritance after his death, and Masami also benefited from it. Moreover, when Yoshinobu Yoshinobu was killed, Yamanaka Yoshinobu was in America with his wife, which gave him an alibi. At the same time, Masami also had an alibi. It seems that she suggested going to America to carry out the exchange murder."
[1398] "Did Yamanaka Yoshinobu kill Masami's husband's uncle Yoshinobu, and then Masami killed Yamanaka Yoshinobu's wife Chiyo…"
[1399] "If the target was Chiyo, even Masami had enough physical ability to commit the crime."
[1400] The wise man remembered Masami's figure. She was tall among women, and it seemed that she was an athlete when she was young, which gave her such a physique. Indeed, if it was her, she had the ability to commit the crime.
[1401] "So, she saw the body of Quintaro Minetani at the hospital and still testified that it was her husband, not because she made a mistake, but because she wanted to deceive us, right?"
[1402] "Yes. Let's go back to the four questions you proposed earlier. The identity of the person who impersonated Fujita Yoshinobu has been resolved. The remaining three questions are: when did Quintaro Minetani and Fujita Yoshinobu exchange identities, why did they do it, and where did the real Fujita Yoshinobu go.
[1403] "Three days ago, Meiji and her husband came to Tokyo. At that time, was the husband the real one or Quintaro Minetani?"
[1404] "Two years ago, Fujita Yoshinobu and Meiji moved to Amami Oshima. This move was quite sudden. I had a bold assumption that Yoshinobu and Minetani might have exchanged identities at that time. However, upon further reflection, it is more likely that they exchanged identities and then moved to Amami Oshima, a remote island far from Tokyo with no acquaintances, to avoid being discovered.
[1405] "During these two years, Quintaro Minetani played the role of Meiji's husband, presumably to cover up the fact that Fujita Yoshinobu was dead."
[1406] "I don't know how Yoshinobu died. It could have been from illness, suicide, or even because he discovered the truth about his uncle's death and was killed by his wife. However, if it was from illness or suicide, Tomiko wouldn't have needed to hide Yoshinobu's death, so he must have been killed."
[1407] "Faced with the task of disposing of the body, Tomiko contacted her co-conspirator in the murder, Shinobu Miyajima. According to the rules of switching identities, it is not necessary to avoid contact with each other before the crime, but after the crime, they must do their best to avoid contact. This is because if the police notice the existence of the co-conspirator, the meaning of switching identities is lost."
[1408] "However, this rule has a limited lifespan, which is only valid during the investigation period. Once the statute of limitations is established, the police investigation ends, and the monitoring of the suspect is lifted. At this point, there is no longer a need to keep secrets. The co-conspirators can then freely contact each other. Although they still need to be cautious about public opinion, there is no longer any threat from the police, and they can be considered to have regained their freedom."
[1409] "Tomiko contacted Miyajima to help dispose of the body and impersonate her husband. This way, Miyajima would disappear from his own life environment, and since the statute of limitations has been established, there would be no investigators looking for Miyajima. Even if Miyajima disappeared, it would not arouse the suspicion of the police."
[1410] "It seems that Miyajima's last words, 'Not only that, I also...', were meant to say, 'Not only that, I also impersonated Fudou Yoshinobu'."
[1411] "It is likely that this is the case. If the imposter Kozo's identity was discovered by former acquaintances, it would be disastrous, so they moved to Umi-jima, a remote island far from Tokyo. They continued to pose as husband and wife because it was beneficial for both parties. True and Takaishi were probably worried that the other would betray them, and living together would serve as a form of mutual surveillance.
[1412] "After moving to Umi-jima, Takaishi obtained a driver's license under the name Kozo. He obtained the license on August 29th last year, and although it has only been a year, his driving skills in front of you were very adept, not like a beginner, probably because Takaishi was actually an experienced driver.
[1413] "Being able to drive so skillfully just one year after obtaining a license is also evidence that the 'Kozo' was an imposter.
[1414] "Three days ago, Kozo and Mei came to Tokyo. Although Mei claimed to be here for sightseeing, it is unrealistic to come to Tokyo, where they have many acquaintances, for such a reason, and where Takaishi's impersonation of Kozo could be exposed at any moment. Their visit to Tokyo must have had a purpose.
[1415] "Takaishi rented a car and had an accident on the Katsuragi Street. There is a planned site for a solar power plant in the nearby mountains, right? It is likely that Kozo's body is buried in that forest. As the construction of the solar power plant progresses, the surrounding forest will be developed, and the body buried there will be at risk of exposure. That's why they decided to move Kozo's body to another location in advance."
[1416] "The original plan was for Takanori to rent a car alone to check the situation in the nearby mountains. However, he had an accident on the way, was seriously injured, and was on the verge of death. At that moment, Takanori stopped pretending to be Ueda Yoshinobu and confessed to his crime of twenty-five years ago using his own identity. However, his confession was mistakenly attributed to Ueda Yoshinobu, making the situation more complicated.
[1417] "When Akiko Ueda learned of Takanori Kita's death, she turned pale and was greatly affected. This was not because she was grieving the loss of her husband, but because her co-conspirator had died in such an unexpected way, and the fact that he was not the real Ueda Yoshinobu might be exposed, causing her to panic. She also asked about any suspicious circumstances surrounding her husband's sudden death, for the same reason.
[1418] "Akiko Ueda also said that she did not want to hold her husband's funeral in Tokyo, which was actually because she did not want you to see Ueda Yoshinobu's photo. If the funeral had been held in Tokyo, you would have attended out of obligation. If you saw the photo of the real Ueda Yoshinobu, you would have immediately realized that the "Ueda Yoshinobu" who had an accident was an imposter. However, if the funeral photo was of Takanori Kita, it would have been exposed by Ueda Yoshinobu's acquaintances. Therefore, not holding a funeral was the best choice.
[1419] Akiko Ueda was arrested for the murder of Ueda Yoshinobu and the abandonment of the body two years ago.
[1420] Takanori Kita had a criminal record for causing harm when he was twenty-three years old, and his fingerprints were taken by the police and stored in the fingerprint database of the Metropolitan Police Department. Although the body of the "Ueda Yoshinobu" who died in the traffic accident has been cremated, the hotel key card and the rental car company's rental contract both have his fingerprints. When the two sets of fingerprints were compared, it was determined to be from the same individual. In the face of this irrefutable evidence, Akiko was greatly shaken and eventually confessed to killing her husband and all the details of the exchange murder twenty-five years ago. According to her testimony, the skeletal remains of Ueda Yoshinobu were found in the forest near Kamakura Street. There were signs of blunt force trauma to the head.
[1421] Shinji and Miyao were elementary school classmates. They met again at a class reunion held in December 1987. Although they only exchanged a few words and parted ways, they soon met again alone. However, what they generated between them was not love, but a desire to escape their current situations. Shinji was afraid that her husband's company might go bankrupt due to cash flow problems, and Miyao was struggling with the deterioration of his relationship with his wife.
[1422] Because they were afraid of letting their partners suspect anything, they were very careful when meeting each other. They complained about each other's circumstances while exchanging stories, and at the same time, they had the idea of exchanging murders. The co-conspirators had to be untraceable, and as elementary school classmates, the police would not suspect them of being co-conspirators, and their carefulness when meeting each other also came in handy at this time.
[1423] They had planned the general outline of the exchange murder and agreed not to meet again, but to only contact each other by phone.
[1424] After the exchange murder was carried out, the two did not meet again and only contacted each other periodically by phone. They managed to get through fifteen years until the statute of limitations was reached. The police ended their investigation, and they no longer had to worry about the police's attention. However, even so, the two did not meet again. They had already gotten used to confirming each other's existence through their voices.
[1425] Two years ago, Fudou Yoshimoto's health equipment company eventually went bankrupt due to poor management. The company's friends drifted away one by one. Yoshimoto became depressed and secluded himself at home. Rather than retreating from the world, it was more like losing the courage to face the world again. He clung to his wife at home, and one day, he discovered the truth of his uncle's murder in September 1988. Trueji, who was questioned by him, killed her husband in a fit of anger with an iron. She didn't know how to deal with the aftermath, so she contacted Miyao. The two of them buried the body in
[1426] Exchange murder partners form a fate-bound bond, becoming more significant than life partners in a way. Although these exchange murder partners were only pretending, they eventually became life partners—until death separated them.
[1427] In those days, I was five years old.
[1428] Surrounded by the people I loved the most were my gentle mother and handsome father. My soon-to-be-born younger brother or sister. My aunt who often gave me gifts and played with me. The straightforward preschool teacher. My close friends.
[1429] Surrounded by my most beloved possessions were my giant teddy bear, my mother's hand-stitched embroidery, and the tulips planted in our garden.
[1430]
[1431] But all of this disappeared on that day. It was taken away from me and could never come back.
[1432] On the morning of July, shortly after eight forty, I walked to the kindergarten as usual, holding my mother's hand.
[1433] That day was the day for the kindergarten's group overnight stay. Including me, all the high school students were to take a bus to a seaside resort facility to spend a night without their parents.
[1434] My heart was mixed with the unease of having to leave my parents overnight and the urgent desire to overcome this difficulty as an older sister.
[1435] Sister...yes, that's right, I was soon going to be an older sister. At that time, my mother was already three months pregnant, and my younger brother or sister should come into the world in February of the following year.
[1436] Mom would let me gently touch her belly while she took a bath in the evening, smiling and saying, "The baby is inside." There was a small life in Mom's belly that was not yet significantly changed, and it would gradually grow and swell. How wonderful and incredible it was.
[1437] Will the little baby be a boy or a girl? What kind of name should we give it? Mom and I always imagined these questions while taking a bath.
[1438] It was the same when drawing. Mom would always hold my hand and guide me to draw the pose of the little baby.
[1439] That day, in addition to the group overnight stay, another exciting thing happened - my aunt came to play at my house, and it seemed she would stay for some time. Although I couldn't see my aunt that night because of the overnight stay, I could play with her the next day when I returned from the kindergarten. My clever and cheerful aunt who had studied in the United States was my favorite.
[1440] When I arrived at the kindergarten, I joined the group of friends who were playing in the yard.
[1441] "Little Yumi, I heard you got a fever? You're okay now, aren't you? That's great."
[1442] The teacher said with a smile.
[1443] "Because we had to go on a group outing, so I worked hard to get better," I replied. I was weak and often had a fever in the summer, always worrying my mom. This time was no exception, as I had to take a few days off due to a fever. If I had taken a day off today, my fate might have been very different.
[1444] It was time to leave. We got on the bus and waved goodbye to our parents. Mom waved at me with a smile.
[1445] This was the last image Mom left me with.
[1446] The next day at noon, the upper grade group returned to the kindergarten by bus.
[1447] Friends were picked up by their parents one by one, with praises like "You worked hard!" and "You did a great job!" ringing out. They then excitedly chatted about the funny things that happened during their overnight stay and left the kindergarten.
[1448] However, Mom still hadn't shown up.
[1449] What's going on... A sense of unease began to arise.
[1450] Soon, I was called to the principal's office alone. The kind-hearted principal with white hair gently told me, "Your dad and mom have something to take care of suddenly and can't come for now, Little English. Can you play with the teacher for a while?"
[1451] "Where's Auntie?" I asked. "Auntie came to play at my house, and she couldn't come either, could she?"
[1452] Yes, that's right. The principal nodded.
[1453] What could have happened to make all three of them unable to come? Although it was quite puzzling, my doubts slowly dissipated as I played with the principal. Being able to have the principal's undivided attention, who was usually surrounded by many children, made me very happy.
[1454] After lunch at the kindergarten, two unfamiliar women arrived in the afternoon. They smiled and said, "Your parents have something to attend to today and can't come, so come to Auntie's. Auntie has many children and lots of fun toys here."
[1455] I was very anxious and started crying. The two women and the principal comforted me and took me to the car.
[1456] They were employees of the children's welfare institution. That's how I moved into the welfare institution.
[1457] Every day I would ask the employees, "When will Mom and Dad come to pick me up?" The employees always answered me gently, "They will come soon."
[1458] I started crying because my parents and Auntie were not around, and because my beloved teddy bear was not with me. What happened to Mom and Dad? Something must have happened, they must not want me. Did I do something wrong and they were going to abandon me?
[1459] I prayed to the deities in the picture books, praying that my parents and Auntie would come and take me home soon.
[1460] But the deities did not hear my prayers.
[1461] Gradually, I stopped asking, "When will Mom and Dad come to pick me up?" Perhaps somewhere in my young heart, I already sensed the departure of my parents.
[1462] Then, when I was in the second grade of elementary school, the employees of the welfare institution introduced me to the situation of what happened to my parents and my aunt, saying, "Because you, Yingmei, are a reliable older sister now, there are some things I need to tell you."
[1463] At that time, my aunt was troubled by the former boyfriend who asked her to reconcile. My mom decided to talk to the man with my dad, so she asked my aunt to bring the man over.
[1464] So, on the afternoon when I went to the kindergarten for a group outing, my aunt's ex-boyfriend visited our house. However, the conversation did not go well, and the negotiation broke down. My aunt's ex-boyfriend then put cyanide in the tea of my parents and my aunt, poisoning them. He also poured gasoline and set fire to the house.
[1465] Everything was burnt to ashes. Dad, Mom, Aunt, teddy bear, the embroidery that Mom made, and the tulips planted in the yard, everything.
[1466] Auntie's ex-boyfriend's identity remains unknown. Therefore, the culprit has not been caught.
[1467] After hearing this, I lost consciousness and fell into a feverish state. The staff of the orphanage worked hard to take care of me.
[1468] In the burning fever, I had a dream.
[1469] It was the home I longed for. The season seemed to be spring, and the warm sunlight shone down. The living room's floor-to-ceiling windows were open, and laughter drifted in.
[1470] In my dream, I was attracted by the laughter and approached the floor-to-ceiling windows, peering inside quietly.
[1471] Mom was inside. Dad was there too. Aunt was there as well. There was also the little me. The four of them smiled and looked down at the baby's crib. A small baby was inside, actively moving its hands and feet.
[1472] Ah, Mom had given birth to a healthy baby. Was it a boy or a girl? What should we name it?
[1473] Dad, Mom, Aunt, I, and the baby were all there. It was just a long and terrifying nightmare – thank goodness.
[1474] When I woke up from the coma, the staff happily cried.
[1475] My head was still foggy, but I wanted to see that scene again. If possible, I wanted to see it again.
[1476] After becoming a high school student, I got a second-hand digital camera. At that moment, I suddenly recalled the dream - maybe, through the camera's viewfinder, I could see that scene again.
[1477] So, I brought the camera to the street and aimlessly took pictures of one house after another. The employees praised me for my accumulated photos and asked if I wanted to try uploading them to the internet using the computer at the orphanage.
[1478] My uploaded photos were well-received on the internet. Thanks to that, after graduating from high school, despite my still undeveloped technical skills, I was able to pursue a career as a photographer.
[1479] Everyone who saw my photos gave an evaluation of "although ordinary but nostalgic". I think it's because I've been looking for that ordinary yet nostalgic family scene through the viewfinder.
[1480] On October 7th at 9:00 a.m., Temple Taichi came to the crime data library in the city of Mitaka to clock in for work as usual.
[1481] He knocked on the door of the director's room. Although there was no response, he still pushed the door open.
[1482] Hibikiko was sitting behind the desk as usual, flipping through the files.
[1483] She was slender and had skin as white as snow. Her shoulder-length black hair was gorgeous. Her face, which seemed ageless and doll-like, was cold and exquisite. Her long eyelashes adorned her double eyelids. If there were such a thing as a snow woman in reality, it would probably feel like this. However, she wore a pair of frameless glasses, so she should be a modern version of a snow woman.
[1484] Her police rank is inspector. Although she comes from the elite, she has been in the position of crime data center director for eight years, which can be said to be completely excluded from the elite.
[1485] Tanaka greeted her. There was still no response, so he planned to leave the director's room.
[1486] "Wait. There's something I want to show you."
[1487] It was quite unusual for the red plum blossom to speak.
[1488] "What is it?"
[1489] Tomo turned around, and the director handed him a copy of the document.
[1490] The article was from a magazine called "Oath" and was titled "The Other Side of the Viewfinder". The author was Honda Ei-Ami. It was a short article.
[1491] "I went to a beauty salon yesterday to pass the time and found this magazine. I happened to read this article."
[1492] It's hard to imagine a snow woman spending her day off at a beauty salon reading a women's magazine.
[1493] "It's a quick read, so you can take a look."
[1494] Saki picked up the copy and read it, and was soon shocked.
[1495] "…This isn't the case we just posted the QR code for last week, is it?"
[1496] "Yes, it is. It was written by the only child who survived that case. Now, it seems, he has become a well-known photographer. It's a meaningful article."
[1497] "Meaningful? Maybe it is, but was it really necessary to make a copy of it?"
[1498] Continuing, the crimson Shizuka spoke in a voice devoid of emotion.
[1499] "I want to conduct a re-investigation of this case. Read through the investigation materials again. And remember to include this copy as part of the investigation materials."
[1500] Hikari has been working at the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Records Library in the city of Suginami for nine months. His main task is to affix QR code labels to the evidence in storage. They are building a system where scanning the QR code displays basic information about the evidence on a computer.
[1501] The labelling process is progressing painstakingly in chronological order of occurrence, and has now been updated to cases that occurred in 1992.
[1502] However, Satoshi had other tasks besides labelling.
[1503] Since being transferred to the crime library in January of this year, Scarlet Saeko has already solved three suspected cases that were mired in a maze or the death of a suspect by conducting re-searches. In fact, it's not Saeko Scarlet, who has almost zero communication skills, but Satoshi Terada, a member of her former Search Division One, who's in charge of the searches. That said, Satoshi is actually only called around by the ultra-secretive Saeko to gather testimony, and it's not uncommon for her to be shocked into silence by the truth she deduces. ......
[1504] Scarlet Saeko appears to be conducting another re-search. The evidence in this case had only been labelled last Friday, when Satoshi had already read over the case information she'd summarised and collated, and now remembered the general situation. Still, in order to grasp the details of the case, Satoshi had found the information stored in the assistant's room and reread it.
[1505] The case occurred twenty-one years ago in 1992.
[1506] On Friday, July 11th at around 4 pm, a fire broke out in the wooden two-story building with an area of about 125 square meters of Honda Takao and Honda Tomoko's residence in Chidoriguchi, Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo. The building burned to the ground. A male corpse and two female corpses were found in the dining room on the first floor. All three were lying next to the dining table.
[1507] The male corpse was between the ages of 30 and 50, and the two female corpses were between the ages of 20 and 40. One of the female corpses was pregnant for three months and had a history of childbirth. The other female corpse had no history of childbirth.
[1508] The corpses were severely burned, making it difficult to identify them by appearance. However, since it was not possible to contact the homeowners, Honda Takao, 35, Honda Tomoko, 32, and their visiting sister, 25-year-old Yasutomo Sato, it was highly likely that the victims were these three people.
[1509] Honda Takao and Honda Tomoko had a five-year-old only daughter, Engi-ri, who was saved because she participated in a kindergarten group outing that day.
[1510] Honda Takao had visited a dental clinic nearby and obtained his medical records and compared them with the dental shape of the male corpse. It was confirmed that the male victim was indeed Honda Takao. The dentist and Honda Takao were golfing buddies, so it was not possible for someone else to forge the medical records under Honda Takao's name.
[1511] Additionally, a DNA comparison between the fetus of the pregnant female and Chou confirmed that the fetus was Chou's child, thus identifying the pregnant female as Honda Tomoko. A DNA comparison between Tomoko and the other female corpse proved that they were sisters, and the other female corpse was identified as Tomoko's sister Naoko. The Japanese National Police Agency's Scientific Police Research Institute began DNA identification research in the mid-1980s, and by 1992, when the incident occurred, the technology had become widely used in criminal investigations.
[1512] The initial assumption was that the cause of death was either burns or inhalation of large amounts of smoke leading to carbon monoxide poisoning. However, after a forensic autopsy, cyanide potassium, which caused death, was detected in the stomachs of the deceased. Therefore, the cause of death was determined to be poisoning. There were no signs of life reactions in the burn marks on the bodies, indicating that they were already dead before being burnt.
[1513] A cup of black tea was found on the burnt dining table. Although the contents had evaporated, cyanide potassium was still detectable on the inner walls of the cup.
[1514] The results of the on-site investigation showed that gasoline was poured on the restaurant, and then set on fire. A plastic bucket and the casing of a cheap lighter were also found in the restaurant.
[1515] The investigation team carefully examined both suicide and homicide scenarios. However, the possibility of suicide was quickly ruled out. Honda Chou was the president of a trading company and was successful in his career. Chou and Tomoko had a harmonious marriage, and they loved their daughter and planned to have a second child. Naoko's career was also going well. She had studied abroad in the United States twice and used her excellent English skills to excel in the field of simultaneous translation. Moreover, she had plans to study further in the United States. There was no reason for these three individuals to commit suicide. Therefore, it was likely that someone had killed them.
[1516] Another fact is that there were four cups of black tea on the restaurant table. This indicates that there was a fourth person present at the time. It was possibly this fourth person who killed them and set the fire.
[1517] Considering that there was no vital reaction detected in the burn marks of the bodies, the killer must have put cyanide potassium in the black tea cups to kill the three of them before pouring gasoline and setting fire.
[1518] Based on this premise, the Chengcheng Police Agency set up a special investigation headquarters for the murder case.
[1519] Soon after, a search team obtained valuable information from a searcher who gathered information nearby. A few days ago, a housewife in the neighborhood overheard Baozi talking about her sister's ex-boyfriend wanting to reconcile. She wanted to talk to her sister's ex-boyfriend, so she planned to invite him to her home. Zhang Fu's company had a weekly double-rest day, with Saturday as the day off, so he was also at home that day and would participate in the meeting.
[1520] The meeting ended in failure, and the emotionally charged ex-boyfriend killed Honda's husband and wife and their ex-girlfriend, Jingzi, and set fire to the scene to destroy the evidence. From the fact that cyanide potassium was prepared, it seems that Jingzi's ex-boyfriend had planned to kill if the meeting failed. Considering that he would need to transport the plastic bucket, he likely came in a car. Honda's house had two parking spaces, but only Zhang Fu's Mercedes was parked, leaving enough space for another car.
[1521] However, who was Jingzi's ex-boyfriend? The nearby housewife couldn't provide such detailed information.
[1522] After investigation, the police identified the person Jingzi had been dating a year ago. Shougen Takaishi, a 28-year-old male, was also a simultaneous interpreter, and he gradually got closer to Jingzi at work.
[1523] However, Takaishi denied visiting the Honda home on the day of the incident. After investigating his alibi, it was found that Takaishi was indeed working from 3:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. on the day of the incident.
[1524] Therefore, the ex-boyfriend who visited the Honda home on the day of the incident was not Takaishi.
[1525] The investigation team then began to investigate Jingzi's ex-boyfriends from her student days, but could not find anyone else besides Takaishi. Jingzi had a secretive side to her outgoing personality and rarely talked about her dating history with her friends.
[1526] The crystal went to the University of Maine State in the US at the age of 19 and then to Herbert University at the age of 22, studying abroad for a year each time. It is possible that she met her boyfriend during that time. However, it is not very realistic to send investigators abroad. They had to ask for the assistance of local police, and the investigation results showed that she was not dating anyone at that time.
[1527] However, during the second half of her stay at the University of Maine State, she hardly went to class and even moved out of her apartment, disappearing from sight. After contacting the immigration office, it was found that she had several short-term records of returning to Japan during that period, but she should have been in the US otherwise. What was she doing during that time? Investigating with the help of local police did not yield any results. This point worried the investigators.
[1528] Despite the investigators' continuous questioning in the vicinity of the crime scene, no strong eyewitness testimony was obtained. The residential area around Honda's house was very quiet, and it was around 3 to 4 pm on the day of the incident, with hardly anyone on the road. There were no reports of suspicious people or vehicles.
[1529] The plastic buckets for gasoline and cheap lighters were mass-produced goods, making it difficult to trace the information of the purchaser. The police reviewed the surveillance camera footage of several gas stations nearby, but could not find any suspicious individuals. The killer should have bought gasoline from a distant place and brought it over.
[1530] Without any relatives, Engelmeier was sent to a children's welfare institution. Since both Choufu and Piko had passed away, there were no grandparents or other relatives who could adopt Engelmeier. The investigators worked hard to continue investigating for the sake of the young girl, but unfortunately, their efforts did not yield results, and the case remained a mystery.
[1531] According to the draft criminal procedural law amendment of 2010, the statute of limitations for murder cases has been abolished. Previously, the criminal procedural law reform in 2005 extended the statute of limitations from fifteen years to twenty-five years. However, the criminal procedural law reform only applies to criminal cases that occur after the reform, and for previous murder cases, the statute of limitations remains at fifteen years. This case is no exception, and the statute of limitations was established on July 11, 2007 at midnight, fifteen years after the crime.
[1532] According to the instructions of Akane Akiba, one should go to see Honda Igarashi.
[1533] It is said that she is a well-known photographer, but Kou has never heard of this name. When Kou wanted to ask Akane Akiba for more information about her, he was ignored silently. Kou had to investigate on his own online.
[1534] According to the records on Wikipedia, the orphanage-born girl posted the photos she had taken on the internet in her sophomore year of high school. Although the subjects of the photos were the most ordinary and ordinary households, they showed a level of technique far beyond that of amateurs, with a subtle sense of nostalgia, and were highly praised. As a result, after graduating from high school, she was able to study under the famous photographer, Rurida Shizuko. She has since published two photo books and has signed contracts with several companies.
[1535] Kou then entered the keyword "Honda Igarashi" into the image search page.
[1536] What surprises Kou is that not only her photos - which are also considered works, and it is illegal for people other than the author to upload photos to the internet - but also her own photos are quite popular. There are numerous examples of facial close-ups in magazine specials or appearances as guests on television programs.
[1537] She has a round oval face, well-proportioned features, large eyes full of determination, and neatly cut short hair. At the time of the incident in 1992, she was only five years old, making her now twenty-six years old.
[1538] Since she is a member of the Japanese Photographic Society, Kou contacted the association to inquire about her address and phone number. Kou then called Eiko.
[1539] Although her voice on the other end of the line sounded cheerful, Eiko hesitated for a moment when Kou mentioned "the Criminal Investigation Department of the Metropolitan Police Department." Just as Kou thought she would refuse, she replied softly, "I understand." She is currently hosting a solo exhibition at a gallery in Ginza, and the two have agreed to meet there.
[1540] The exhibition venue is located in the basement of a commercial building. Kou informs the receptionist of his name and asks them to call Eiko out. Kou only mentions his name without mentioning his police identity because he does not want to attract curious glances and cause unnecessary trouble for Eiko.
[1541] The venue of the solo exhibition is in the basement of a commercial building. Liang Cong gave his name to the receptionist and asked her to call Engomi out.
[1542] Soon Engomi came out of the gallery. In reality, she is even more beautiful than in the photos.
[1543] "I'll be right back."
[1544] Engomi greeted the receptionist and asked Liang Cong to accompany her to the coffee shop on the first floor.
[1545] After sitting down, Liang Cong handed over his business card. Then he ordered coffee from the waiter standing by.
[1546] "I read your article in 'The Vow' and it was truly touching."
[1547] Yuria's eyes widened in surprise.
[1548] "Oh, you've read that article too? The detective's information-gathering ability is truly impressive."
[1549] "Well, yeah..."
[1550] The snow woman had picked up the magazine at the beauty salon by chance, but it was now being used as a strong evidence of the detective's superiority.
[1551] "I've never heard of the Criminal Records Department before. Are you responsible for re-investigating unsolved cases like this?"
[1552] "No, not exactly. The Criminal Records Department is solely responsible for storing evidence, leftovers, and investigation records. Today's visit is just to supplement the investigation records."
[1553] Although the sudden re-investigation by Scarlet Suguro solved some cases, her arbitrary and secretive nature inevitably caused some friction within the Investigation Department. An elite like Scarlet Suguro, who had not actually worked in the field and was even exiled to an idle position, daring to interfere with unsolved cases like this was something the Investigation Department could not tolerate. Former Investigation Department member Terao was well aware of this up to January of this year.
[1554] If the news of the Criminal Records Department continuing the re-investigation reached the ears of the Investigation Department, the conflict would undoubtedly escalate. So, Terao had to keep this fact a secret at all costs.
[1555] "Could you tell me about your father?"
[1556] "He's a busy man. My dad runs a trading company and always comes home late, around 9 pm, after I've already taken a bath and gone to bed. He often goes abroad for work and brings back a lot of souvenirs from different countries."
[1557] "What about your mother?"
[1558] "She's generally a gentle person. I don't remember her getting angry very often. My classmates at preschool often envied me, saying, 'Yumi's mom is so gentle, so nice.'"
[1559] Yumi smiled and continued.
[1560] "My mom and I often discuss whether the baby in her stomach is a boy or a girl. I have a friend who has a younger brother, so I said I wanted a brother too, but my mom said she hopes I have a sister, so we can be like her and her sister, and she said a girl would be better."
[1561] "Your mother and your aunt seem to get along well."
[1562] "Yes, they do. Even though they have very different personalities."
[1563] "What's your aunt like?"
[1564] "She's very outgoing and straightforward. She often gives me gifts like picture books and teddy bears, and she also plays with me a lot. Even when I was very young, she would get angry at me when I did something wrong, but she usually smiled and I loved her the most. She has studied abroad twice and her English is very good. She taught me a lot of English words, like bear for bear and rabbit for rabbit…"
[1565] "It seems like your aunt has plans to study abroad again."
[1566] "Yes, she said, 'I won't be able to come and play with Little Beauty for a while. I'm sorry.'"
[1567] "Do you know where she is planning to go for her studies?"
[1568] "I don't know... At that time, I was only five years old, and my understanding of countries was still very vague."
[1569] "Has she mentioned anything about her romantic relationships to you?"
[1570] "No, she never mentioned it... After that incident, there were countless policemen who came to the orphanage to ask me if I knew anything about your aunt's boyfriend. Of course, they didn't use the word boyfriend directly, but they asked indirectly, 'Do you know who your aunt's good friends are?' At that time, I didn't understand the reason behind their questions."
[1571] It was time for Yumei to ask her question.
[1572] "I don't have children, so I'm not very clear, but it seems that there is a system in kindergarten where children can be kept there until the evening after regular school hours. Can your kindergarten do that?"
[1573] Yumei was taken aback by the unexpected question.
[1574] "Uh... I think so."
[1575] "And during the summer vacation?"
[1576] "Hmm, I remember it can. When I was in kindergarten, I was sent to the kindergarten for the summer vacation once, I think it was because my mom had something to do."
[1577] "So, you mean you had a collective overnight once, and then summer vacation started, and you were supervised in the kindergarten in July, right?"
[1578] Enguri closed her eyes, as if searching for distant memories.
[1579] "…As you said, it did happen. I have a good friend, and our moms agreed to leave us at the kindergarten on the same day in July. But, what does this have to do with anything?"
[1580] "Nothing, please don't mind."
[1581] In fact, even Inoue herself did not understand the significance of this question.
[1582] "That's all the questions I have."
[1583] "Thank you for coming all the way here. Would you like to see the photos I took?"
[1584] Inoue smiled, and Inoue replied, "I'm very interested, and I'm very grateful."
[1585] After leaving the café, they returned to the basement gallery. The receptionist immediately approached Inoue and said, "A lady wants to see you." Inoue told Inoue to "go ahead" and went over to a seemingly familiar elderly woman.
[1586] There were five guests in the not-so-large gallery, all intently gazing at the exhibited works hung on the walls. Cao also leisurely appreciated them.
[1587] All the exhibits featured residential buildings, with no human presence in any of the photos. There were old, tiny bungalows, neatly arranged apartment buildings in newly developed areas, and extravagant mansions with countless rooms...
[1588] The shooting times varied, from mornings with tightly closed shutters, to bright days with sunlight on the drying clothes, to evenings with walls dyed red by the setting sun, and finally to dark nights with glimpses of light shining through the curtains' gaps.
[1589] Despite the many differences, there was one common thread in all the photos – a deep sense of nostalgia. Whether it was an old bungalow that seemed uninhabitable or a cold, uniform apartment building, they were all someone's home, someone's irreplaceable, unique abode. This feeling was so strong, it was almost magical.
[1590] – because I have been searching for that dreamy scene from the other side of the lens.
[1591] A passage from Inamori's article appeared in Connie's mind, and she realized her eyes were slightly moist, which made her feel a bit awkward.
[1592] As for why Hibiki Shiroku specifically mentioned including Inamori's article as part of the investigation materials, Connie pondered this question throughout the Central Line train ride back to Tokyo.
[1593] Perhaps the article held a major clue to solving the case. However, no matter how many times Connie read the article, she couldn't find any significant information.
[1594] Suddenly, Connie had a bold hypothesis.
[1595] Could it be that the real killer was the five-year-old Inamori?
[1596] With a younger sibling on the way, as the eldest daughter, Hibiki would likely feel intense jealousy. Would Hibiki, out of jealousy, have put cyanide potassium in the water kettle? Perhaps Hibiki didn't know that cyanide potassium was a deadly poison and thought it was a medicine that could make people sick. If Mom got sick, the baby in her stomach would be in pain too, and that would be enough. However, the result was that Honda and his wife, along with Yuki, drank tea made with cyanide potassium in the water, and then suffered from poisoning.
[1597] However, Hibiki had an alibi of "participating in a collective overnight stay at the kindergarten" at the time of the incident, so he couldn't have set the fire. It was probably Hibiki's ex-boyfriend who came to the scene and set the fire after Honda and his wife and Yuki died.
[1598] Under the double impact of the guilt of killing and the great unexpected event of losing his family and home, Hibiki unconsciously forgot the fact that he had put cyanide potassium in.
[1599] If this explanation is correct, it makes sense why Hibiki's article was included as an important part of the search material. The memories of the killer himself are, of course, important search material.
[1600] However, there are still some doubts in this hypothesis. For example, how did a five-year-old child obtain cyanide potassium?
[1601] On this point, Soma had a further shocking conjecture.
[1602] It is likely that an adult deceived Emma by saying, "This is a medicine that can make people sick," and gave her cyanide. Emma innocently believed this statement and put the poison in the kettle. The adult used the child's hand to commit the crime.
[1603] So, who is this adult? First, this person is close to Emma and has some influence over her. Second, this person has a motive to kill Honda couple and Yuki.
[1604] The most suitable person for the first condition is Emma's parents and her aunt, but if they wanted to commit the crime, they would not choose a dangerous method that could easily involve themselves. The next suspect is the kindergarten teacher. Emma would not doubt what the teacher said.
[1605] So, could the kindergarten teacher have a motive to kill Honda couple and Yuki?
[1606] At this point, the clever one thought of a sentence in Yoshimi's article - "I held my mother's hand as usual and walked on the way to the kindergarten." Instead of taking the school bus or cycling, they walked to the kindergarten, indicating that the kindergarten is very close to the Honda family's house.
[1607] It is said that many kindergartens in Tokyo's 23 wards are struggling with narrow areas and desperately want to annex the surrounding land. Once the area is expanded, the problem of parking the school bus can be solved, and the recruitment range will also be expanded.
[1608] Perhaps the murderer coveted the Honda family's land and asked them if they wanted to sell it. But Honda and the couple flatly refused. This is natural. If it were an economically difficult family, it would be understandable, but Honda's company is doing very well and there is no reason to sell the best location in Setagaya.
[1609] However, the murderer wanted to get this land no matter what. The final trump card was to kill Honda and the couple. The reason they decided to kill Yuki was that, as the guardian of Yoshimi, the inheritor of the land, she might prevent Yoshimi from selling the land after their deaths.
[1610] So the culprit gave cyanide to the young Yoshimi and told her that it was a small punishment for her parents and aunt who constantly talked about the baby who would be born soon. On the morning of the incident, Yoshimi put cyanide in the water bottle before going to kindergarten.
[1611] The killer's plan was perfectly executed, and in the afternoon of the same day, Honda couple and Jingzi were all dead. Interestingly, Jingzi's ex-boyfriend came to Honda's house and set fire to the scene, burning it clean. This was undoubtedly an added advantage for the killer. Originally, the killer wanted to use Honda's land for the construction of kindergarten facilities, but the house was a hindrance.
[1612] So who was the killer?
[1613] Most of the teachers at the kindergarten have influence over Jingmei, but those who coveted Honda's land must be the ones responsible for the kindergarten's operation plan - except for the principal, no one else.
[1614] Zhong remembered another sentence from Jingmei's article.
[1615] - The gray-haired principal gently said to me, "Your father and mother have something to do suddenly and can't come, little Jingmei, can you play with the teacher for a while?"
[1616] Behind the director's gentle facade, there was a celebration of the plan's successful implementation.
[1617] As a member of the search and investigation department, proposing such an unrealistic and fanciful hypothesis deviates from actual search experience. Perhaps it was due to working under the influence of Reiko Asakura for the past nine months.
[1618] As soon as Taro returned to the Crimson Museum, he hurriedly shared his hypothesis.
[1619] He expected to receive Reiko Asakura's approval, but she dismissed it with just one sentence.
[1620] "Impossible."
[1621] "Impossible? It may be a bit whimsical, but..."
[1622] "Listen up. If the killer intended to kill Honda couple and Yuki, they should have killed all three of them at once. The time when all three would be drinking tea together would be either during meals or afternoon tea. In any other case, each person would drink their preferred beverage, those who like coffee would drink coffee, and those who like tea would drink tea. In your assumption, the principal asked Issei to put cyanide in the water bottle before he left for the kindergarten in the morning. By then, they must have already had breakfast, but there was still a long time until lunch. If someone got thirsty and brewed tea or coffee according to their preference and drank it, they would have died immediately. Then the remaining people would have immediately reported it, right? It's unrealistic to expect that they won't drink anything until mealtime."
[1623] "What if cyanide was mixed in the red tea leaves instead of being put in the water bottle?"
[1624] "Cyanide is a white powder. It would be obvious if it was mixed in the red tea leaves. It might be difficult to notice if the powder was put in a white tea bag, but I don't think a five-year-old Issei could carry out such a delicate task, unless he was given a tampered tea bag beforehand and asked to swap it. However, can a five-year-old really handle such a complex plan? After all, using Issei as a tool for a crime is extremely risky. If he accidentally spills the beans, the killer will be exposed immediately. If the killer's motive is really to get the land of the Honda family, it shouldn't be worth taking such a risk."
[1625] "......That's true. So, what do you think, Principal?"
[1626] "What's interesting is that the killer chose to poison."
[1627] "What do you mean?"
[1628] "The killer carried cyanide, that's true, but it's difficult for him to determine whether there is a suitable time and beverage to poison at the Honda house. If he had decided to kill the other party once the negotiation broke down, most people would choose to bring a knife, blunt object, or gun as a weapon. Poisoning is a method that is mostly used when the victim is not prepared for the killer. Therefore, the killer should be someone who is trusted by the victim. However, the Honda family has been wary of Keiko's ex-boyfriend from the beginning, right?
[1629] "That's why I think the killer is not Keiko's ex-boyfriend. In that case, it's strange that Tomoko told the housewives that Keiko's ex-boyfriend was bothering her and asking her to get back together. She knew there was no ex-boyfriend coming to visit, but she wanted people to think there was one. That's why I started to suspect Tomoko. She was lying, wasn't she? So why did she lie? Is she the killer?"
[1630] "…Tomoko is the killer?"
[1631] "When you think about it, Fujiko is the most suitable person to poison. To kill several people at once while they are drinking tea, she must have made sure they all drank the poisoned tea at the same time. The only opportunity to poison is during the brief period between brewing and serving the tea. However, it would be almost impossible to poison the tea while bringing it to everyone. Therefore, the best time to poison is before serving the red tea. The person responsible for brewing and serving the tea, Fujiko, is the most suitable candidate for this."
[1632] "So, you think Fujiko put cyanide in the red tea and drank it along with her sister and brother-in-law, right? But who poured gasoline and set fire then?"
[1633] "Fujiko didn't need to poison her sister and brother-in-law at the same time. She could just pretend to drink the tea, wait for her sister and brother-in-law to die, and then pour gasoline and set fire. By the time the fire engulfed her body, she would have already died from the poison, so she would not have any life reactions in the burns like her sister and brother-in-law."
[1634] "But why did Fujiko kill her sister and brother-in-law and then commit suicide? Honda's company was doing well, the couple was harmonious, they loved their daughter, and the second child was about to be born… There was no room for any murderous intent, right?"
[1635] "That's right. At first glance, the Honda family seemed to have no reason to kill. However, if we change our perspective on one issue, we can understand the reason for the murderous intent."
[1636] "…Changing our perspective on one issue?"
[1637] "The issue is, who was pregnant?"
[1638] Kou was puzzled.
[1639] "Last week, while reviewing the case information, I noticed an unusual point."
[1640] "Unusual point?"
[1641] "When Fujiko was pregnant with her second child, Shinako was studying abroad in America. After Fujiko became pregnant again, Shinako went to study abroad in America again."
[1642] "Isn't that just a coincidence?"
[1643] "It could be a coincidence. But think about it. Fujiko is pregnant again, with her child still in kindergarten. There are many places where she needs help during this time. Her husband's company is busy, and he often comes home late. He can't be relied on. The two sisters don't have any other relatives to rely on. If what Fujiko said is true, and their relationship is really that good, Shinako should have postponed going abroad by a year or two to stay and take care of her sister, right? Moreover, this is not Shinako's first time studying abroad; it's her third time. It's hard to imagine that she would go abroad so decisively."
[1644] "Is that so... What do you think, Chief Librarian?"
[1645] "Studying abroad is also a way of disappearing from Japan. Considering that Fujiko's pregnancy time and Shinako's study abroad time are so consistent, I have a hypothesis."
[1646] "What do you mean?"
[1647] "The pregnant woman is actually Jingzi. At least the last study abroad plan was made to hide the fact that Jingzi was pregnant. By disappearing under the guise of studying abroad, no one would discover that she was pregnant. Maybe during her first study abroad, Jingzi realized that if she was abroad, even if she was pregnant, she wouldn't be exposed in her Japanese friends."
[1648] Cong seemed to sense the hidden meaning in Huaizu's words.
[1649] "So, Yingmei was conceived by Jingzi during her first study abroad, and Pingzi's so-called second child was actually in Jingzi's womb?"
[1650] "That's right. Six years ago, when Pingzi should have been pregnant with Yingmei, Jingzi was studying at Maine State University in the US. On the other hand, Zhanghu is the president of a trading company and should often go to the US for work. It was probably then that he went to see Jingzi and they had a relationship. As a result, Jingzi became pregnant with Yingmei."
[1651] "When the crystal discovered that she was pregnant, she informed her sister and brother-in-law. The three of them discussed it urgently and decided to let the crystal give birth to the child and have the Honda couple raise it as their own.
[1652] "Fengzhi immediately informed those around her that she was pregnant, took the maternal and child health handbook, and pretended to go to the obstetrics and gynecology clinic for regular check-ups. As the pregnancy progressed, she stuffed the clothes with padding.
[1653] "As for the crystal, she occasionally went back to Japan secretly to undergo health check-ups at the obstetrics and gynecology clinic. Of course, she used the maternal and child health handbook in Fengzhi's name, and the results were recorded on it. The maternal and child health handbook is useful in many situations after childbirth, so it is necessary to disguise it.
[1654] "The crystal hardly attended classes in the second half of her study abroad at the University of Maine, and even gave up her dormitory, because her belly was becoming more and more prominent.
[1655] "When the crystal gave birth, she returned to Japan after finishing her study abroad. Fengzhi also left home at the right time, pretending to be hospitalized. After the crystal gave birth, Zhang Fu and Fengzhi went to her and took the child home."
[1656] "Although Zhang and Jingzi both tried to explain to Pengzi that it was a mistake caused by impulse and there would be no next time, their relationship actually became more intimate.
[1657] "Then, six years later in 1992, Jingzi became pregnant with Zhang's child again. Zhang and Jingzi confessed to Pengzi, and Pengzi knew that the same scenario would unfold again.
[1658] "Jingzi began to announce to those around her that she would soon go abroad to study again, which was a prelude to disappearing from public view when her belly could no longer be hidden three months later.
[1659] "However, this time there was Yingmei's existence, and Pengzi must have been troubled to deceive her. When Jingzi was pregnant with Yingmei, Pengzi only needed to pretend to be pregnant outside, but this time, in order to deceive Yingmei, she even had to pretend to be pregnant at home. When her belly began to grow, she may have had to entrust the task of giving Yingmei a bath to Zhang.
[1660] "But why did Pengzi have to go to such lengths..."
[1661] "Perhaps it was because she was infertile and had been plagued with guilt. So, she had to agree to Zhang Fu's proposal to raise his sister's child as their own.
[1662] "Accepting her husband's and sister's relationship and raising their child for them was undoubtedly a great humiliation for Pengzi. For years, she had been enduring this humiliation. Finally, when Jingzi became pregnant with her second child and Pengzi was still expected to raise that child as her own, Pengzi's patience reached its limit.
[1663] "If Pengzi had a hysteric personality and could vent her anger at her sister and husband, it might have been a good thing. But she couldn't, she couldn't vent her jealousy in a fit of rage. With no other options, the only thing Pengzi could do was kill her husband and sister.
[1664] "However, if Jingzi's body was found to be pregnant, and the DNA of the child was compared to Zhang Fu's, it would immediately expose that the child was Zhang Fu's. This would make the motive for the crime clearly jealousy towards Jingzi, who was pregnant with Zhang Fu's child. For a proud Pengzi, this was something she could never accept.
[1665] "So, she thought – if she committed suicide by poisoning herself after setting fire to the house, Jingzi's body would also be consumed by the flames. This would confuse everyone into thinking that the pregnant woman was Pengzi. After being burned, it would be impossible to distinguish their faces, and the age of the bodies could only be estimated in units of ten years, so there was a possibility that Pengzi and Jingzi, who were seven years apart in age, could be confused. Moreover, Zhang Fu, who knew everything, had to pay the price along with Jingzi."
[1666] "Fengzi's body and Jingzi's body... confused?"
[1667] Cong was stunned and murmured. Is this really possible? Cong began to recall the process of confirming the identities of the three bodies from the ruins of the fire.
[1668] First, by comparing the shape of the teeth, the male corpse was identified as Zhang Fu. Next, by comparing the DNA of the fetus in the pregnant female corpse with that of Zhang Fu, it was confirmed that the fetus and Zhang Fu were related as parent and child, so it was confirmed that the female corpse was Fengzi. Finally, by comparing the DNA of the two female corpses, it was confirmed that they were sisters, so it was confirmed that the non-pregnant female corpse was Jingzi.
[1669] However, everyone was deliberately deceived by the pregnancy. The one who was really pregnant was Jingzi, not Fengzi. The concealment of the pregnancy led to the confusion of their identities.
[1670] Fengzi made everyone believe that she was pregnant, while Jingzi concealed her pregnancy. Their lies were reflected in the identification of their identities. In 1992, when the case occurred, DNA identification technology had been widely used in the criminal justice system and often seen in newspapers or television news. Fengzi should have learned some knowledge about DNA identification from this."
[1671] The crimson Shiro continued to whisper.
[1672] "Paozi wanted to make the case look like a crime against the Honda family. In order to cover up the real motive, she had to fabricate an image of a killer who had a motive to kill Zhang Fu, herself, and her sister Jingzi. So she concocted a story about her sister and her ex-boyfriend, and intentionally told the housewives nearby to bring her sister and her ex-boyfriend to her house during their conversations. Since Zhang Fu and the housewives nearby had little contact, there was no need to worry that this conversation would reach Zhang Fu's ears.
[1673] "Jingzi was three months pregnant, and her belly had clearly changed. She must have left the sight of acquaintances for the purpose of concealing her pregnancy by going abroad for study. So Paozi had murderous intentions. The best time to act was now. However, it was necessary to ensure that Eng Mei was not present at the scene of the crime. The day that met this condition was July 11th, when Eng Mei went to participate in a group overnight stay.
[1674] "… So I understand now why you asked Eng Mei that question. In her article, she mentioned that she was often sick and had to take a day off before the group overnight stay due to a fever. If Eng Mei was still sick on the day of the group overnight stay, Paozi would not be able to commit the crime. But this plan couldn't be delayed too long, and it had to be done before Jingzi left for a long journey in July. For this, she had to ensure that even if Eng Mei didn't go to the group overnight stay, she could create a condition for Eng Mei to be away from home later… That's why you asked her if she had ever been entrusted to a kindergarten during her summer vacation. If she had, it would undoubtedly provide further evidence for Paozi's defense."
[1675] The lips of the crimson Shiro twisted. It was a rare smile.
[1676] "On the day of the crime, Fukiko called Kouki to her house, put cyanide in their tea, and killed both Kouki and her husband. She then placed four cups on the table to create the illusion that Kouki's ex-boyfriend had visited. She poured gasoline on the floor and lit it on fire before taking the cyanide herself.
[1677] "Cyanide is an instant-acting poison, so Fukiko died immediately after ingesting it. When the fire surrounded her body, she was already dead. That's why her body, like Kouki's and Chouko's, showed no signs of life, and no one suspected anything. Additionally, she wouldn't feel the pain of being burned alive. This may have been one of the reasons she chose cyanide as her weapon.
[1678] In the article, Fukiko always let Eimi touch her belly while they were taking a bath together and smiled, saying, "The baby is inside." Eimi shuddered at the thought of what Fukiko might have been thinking at that time.
[1679] Fukiko, who planned to be consumed by fire to confuse her body with her sister's body – she must have been driven to near madness by her hatred for her husband and sister.
[1680] The fact that she didn't make Eimi accompany her to her death shows that Fukiko still had some affection for Eimi. That was the only redemption in this case.
[1681] However, at this point, a dark thought entered Mingwei's mind.
[1682] Paozi's failure to bring Yingmei along may have been to leave her as a witness to the fact that she was indeed pregnant. Paozi had performed various acts in front of Yingmei, and Yingmei was convinced that there was a baby in her mother's belly. If she survived, she would certainly tell the investigators all of this, strengthening Paozi's disguise.
[1683] For this reason, Paozi needed Yingmei to be alive.
[1684] If this were the case, her scheme would have been a resounding success. The article, read today, twenty-one years after the incident, reveals that Yingmei has never once doubted her mother's pregnancy. Therefore, she dreamed of joining a happy family with a little brother or sister.
[1685] This signifies Paozi's perfect disguise. The phrase "crimson Satsuki will also treat the article as part of the investigation material" may refer to this. The article itself is evidence of the successful implementation of the plan by the killer.
[1686] "The ordinary, yet nostalgic family with mom, dad, aunt, me, and the little baby" - Yingmei had been searching for this scene in the camera's viewfinder. It was nothing more than a mirage created by her mother.
[1687] Pursue to the end
[1688] In the corner of the room, a locked cabinet.
[1689] Opening the cabinet door, there was a solitary urn.
[1690] Taking it out, opening the lid. Inside was gray-white ash. It was my father's.
[1691] I stare at it for a long time.
[1692] There's a question that must be asked, but the ashes can't speak.
[1693] I grew up in my father's abuse and never received any consolation or encouragement. It's always been like this since I can remember.
[1694] What's more painful is that my mother ran away when I was in the second grade of elementary school.
[1695] My mother is a beauty who loves shiny things. She's completely different from my silent and gloomy father. That's why they always argue. When my father gets drunk, he would angrily call her a "whore."
[1696] My mother was an excellent pianist and ran a piano tutoring business at home. She ran away with a college student who came to take lessons. And she never came back. In her eyes, her lover was more important than her children.
[1697] After that, my father's violence intensified. He called me a "whore's child" and beat me. It went on until that incident happened.
[1698] Because of that incident, I reached an twisted truce with my father.
[1699] Later, when I was in high school, my father died in a car accident. A distant relative adopted me. I threw away all of my father's belongings and kept only the ashes. I felt that I could finally start living a normal life.
[1700] That way, I should be able to forget the past.
[1701] However, the past does not easily disappear. When I thought I had buried it, it would resurrect from the grave.
[1702] To completely kill the past, there is a question that must be answered. Once I have the answer to that question, I can escape the curse of the past.
[1703] But the ashes cannot speak.
[1704] How can I get an answer?
[1705] How can I -
[1706] The clock on the wall in the assistant's room pointed to 5:00 PM.
[1707] Shibazaki Satoru stopped attaching QR code labels to the evidence on the worktable, and finished his tasks for the day. This task could not be rushed, as there were still a lot of evidence from twenty years ago cases waiting for tomorrow.
[1708] Putting the evidence in storage boxes and returning them to the storage room. Then, going to the director's room to say goodbye to leaving for the day. Kurenai Tsukushi only glanced at Satoru and continued to silently read the documents. Satoru was already used to this, and did not mind.
[1709] At this moment, the phone in the director's room rang.
[1710] "Hello, Crime Records Museum."
[1711] Hibari Shizuka picked up the receiver and answered in a low voice.
[1712] She listened silently, frowning shortly. It must have been an interesting topic to make the snow woman frown.
[1713] After saying "I understand," she hung up the phone and looked up at Akira again.
[1714] "The Homicide Department called. They want to borrow the evidence and investigation materials from unsolved cases. It's the case of a 24-year-old male found dead on the banks of the Tama River in Tachikawa City on December 9, 1987."
[1715] "1987? That's a twenty-six-year-old case. The statute of limitations for this case should have been long over, so why is the Homicide Department getting involved?"
[1716] The Criminal Procedure Code was amended in 2005, extending the prosecution period for murder cases from fifteen years to twenty-five years. The draft criminal procedure code issued in 2010 even abolished the statute of limitations for murder cases. However, this case occurred in 1987, which means the statute of limitations was established in 2002, and the new code does not apply.
[1717] "A male's murdered body was found at the same location this morning. The condition of the body is almost identical to the case from twenty-six years ago. The Homicide Department believes it's likely the same perpetrator."
[1718] "—The same perpetrator?"
[1719] Takaishi feels a surge of excitement coursing through his body. Modern forensic investigation techniques have made significant progress since twenty-six years ago, and the level of technology is unrecognizable. There is a high possibility that traces related to the killer, which were not discovered at the scene at the time, will be captured at the current scene. Although it's unfortunate for the current victim, it must be said that he provided an excellent opportunity to apprehend the elusive criminal.
[1720] At this point, Takaishi suddenly realizes that he is no longer a part of the Homicide Department. He doesn't even have the opportunity to join the investigation team.
[1721] However, even if he was not a part of the investigation department, with evidence and investigation materials in hand, it was possible to investigate along the old case line from twenty-six years ago. Kō had been transferred to the crime records museum for eleven months, during which time, Hibikiko had resolved three cold cases and one case involving a suspect's death through re-investigation. Kō followed her instructions, responsible for investigation and questioning. He would do the same this time.
[1722] "If we leave from the investigation department now, we won't arrive here until around 6 pm. Before they take away the investigation materials from twenty-six years ago, quickly make copies of them."
[1723] However, Hibikiko gave an unexpected response.
[1724] "Why?"
[1725] "——Why? Of course, so we can solve the case faster than the investigation department. Won't you be unsatisfied if the evidence and investigation materials are taken away like that?"
[1726] "There's nothing to be unsatisfied about. This is a facility for preserving evidence. Providing evidence to other departments when needed is part of our job. There have been many times when evidence has been handed over for re-investigation or re-trial."
[1727] "Even though science investigation techniques that couldn't be used in the twenty-six-year-old case can be fully utilized in the current situation, it's a great opportunity to solve the case."
[1728] "Leave it to the Investigation Bureau. There are hundreds of other unsolved cases, and I don't see the need to urgently copy the investigation materials for this one."
[1729] "Why use the same methods as twenty-six years ago to commit the crime? Don't you find it interesting?"
[1730] "If it's interesting, every unsolved case has its interesting points. If you want to copy, go ahead. I won't stop you."
[1731] Scarlet Tsukimiya finished speaking and returned her gaze to the document in front of her. The conversation ended. The excitement that had been there earlier had already disappeared without a trace.
[1732] Thirty minutes later, the guard Takao Nakajima informed the Investigation Department that they had arrived through an intercom phone. He didn't want to meet someone from his former workplace, so he approached the main entrance with a heavy heart.
[1733] Coincidentally, Takao was about to pull open the sliding iron gate. Takao wanted to help the already seventy-year-old Takao, but he was afraid it would bother him, so he didn't approach him.
[1734] Three cars from the Investigation Department drove into the parking lot. The parking lot only had four parking spaces, and there was already an old pickup truck belonging to the crime records library, so it was filled to the brim.
[1735] The doors of the Investigation Department members opened one by one. Takao's mood became even heavier. The people who arrived were from the Third Major Crimes Investigation Eighth Division, where he had worked just eleven months ago.
[1736] "Hey, Temple. It's been a while. Welcome. The receptionist was busy."
[1737] The Chief of the Eighth Section, Kousaka Nobuyuki, spoke. He was the same age as the wise man and had the same rank, and both of them saw each other as competitors. A fox-like, slender face showed a sneering smile.
[1738] The chief of the eighth section, Imai Masafumi, said nothing, but he just stared straight at the wise man. Although the wise man was slightly frightened, he still glared back at him with the same gaze.
[1739] In February this year, the scarlet plum blossom conducted a re-investigation of the middle island bread company threat and president murder case that had hit a dead end fifteen years ago. The wise man, who had just been transferred to the crime data library, had been instructed by the scarlet plum blossom to gather information. She had identified the perpetrator as the chief's classmate at the police academy and his close friend. The scarlet plum blossom called the police officer who committed the crime and exposed the truth, and he submitted his resignation. Not long after, the wise man received a call from Imai.
[1740] - That mediocre elite didn't know the excellence of the birdwell, just wasted his time and sent him to the execution ground to be humiliated. And you were her accomplice. Listen up, I won't let you go.
[1741] "Do you still plan to return to the investigation post? No way! As long as I'm here, you're not coming back."
[1742] Other investigators also noticed the unusual atmosphere between Minagawa and Akagi, who were glaring at each other without exchanging words, and showed surprise.
[1743] The last man to get off the train approached. His profile was sculpted, approaching sixty years old, and tall. His erect back gave the impression of a kendo master.
[1744] According to tradition, the chief inspector of the investigation department is not from the elite. Without long-term experience in the field, it is impossible to command the large number of members of the investigation department. For non-elite investigators, the chief inspector of the investigation department is no less than the director of the headquarters, and can be said to be the ultimate goal of a police career.
[1745] The fact that the chief inspector of the investigation department came personally was a great shock to Akagi. As Rokujo Kyousuke said, the Criminal Records Museum had handed over evidence to assist in re-investigation or re-trial on many occasions. This was just a routine transfer of evidence, and there was no need to trouble the chief inspector to come.
[1746] "First, let's go and greet the director. Please lead the way."
[1747] Yamazaki Chief said. Cōng led the group inside. Other employees waited in the hallway, and Yamazaki and Dōmari entered the director's office.
[1748] The snow woman stood up and nodded her head very politely.
[1749] Yamazaki spoke.
[1750] "Red-colored Inspector. As I said on the phone, this morning, a male homicide victim was found on the bank of the Tama River in Tama City. The condition of the body and the scene is exactly the same as the case of Fūdō Fūzō's murder and abandonment of the body twenty-six years ago. It is highly likely to be the same perpetrator. We would like to take custody of the relevant evidence and investigation records."
[1751] "Identical, you say? In what way?"
[1752] "There are six points. First, the ages of the victims are the same, both twenty-four years old. Second, the location where the bodies were abandoned is almost identical, with only a few meters' difference from the location of the abandoned body twenty-six years ago. Third, the condition of the abandoned bodies, both lying face down. Fourth, the shape of the blunt object that caused the fatal injury is exactly the same. Fifth, the estimated time of death is the same, between 9 and 10 pm on December 8th. Sixth, there are bloodstains on the victim's sweater sleeves that do not belong to the victim, which suggests that the perpetrator may have been injured during a struggle with the victim. Out of these six points, the victim's age, estimated time of death, and bloodstains on the sweater sleeve are publicly available information, while the detailed location of the abandoned bodies, whether they were lying face down or face up, and the exact shape of the blunt object have never been publicly disclosed. Despite this, the perpetrator has managed to completely recreate the situation from twenty-six years ago. It can only be considered the same perpetrator."
[1753] "Understood, it does seem like the same perpetrator."
[1754] The curator spoke coldly, handing the key to the storage room to Mr. Akagi.
[1755] Mr. Akagi went to the hallway and unlocked the door to a storage room across from the curator's office, entering the room.
[1756] The slightly chilly yet comfortable air surrounded his body. All the storage rooms were equipped with expensive air conditioning systems to maintain the good condition of the evidence, with a high electricity bill, maintaining the indoor temperature of twenty-two degrees Celsius and humidity of fifty-five percent throughout the year.
[1757] The storage room was about thirty square meters, with several rows of shelves. The shelves were filled with plastic storage boxes containing evidence. Each piece of evidence was individually placed in a polyethylene bag and then put into a storage box. Usually, one storage box corresponds to one case, but some major cases used more than ten storage boxes.
[1758] The case of Fukuda Fumio's murder had only one storage box, indicating that this case was not a major case.
[1759] "I'd like to confirm the details. Is there a table or something I can use?"
[1760] Shigemori asked, and Jun picked up the storage box and led the group to the assistant's room. In the middle of the fifteen-square-meter assistant's room was a worktable. A computer desk and chair were placed in one corner. The wallpaper had probably not been changed since the establishment of the crime data center, and it was dirty. Almost all the budget was spent on ensuring the proper storage of evidence, so the decoration of other rooms was hastily done.
[1761] "This is your domain, huh. Not bad."
[1762] Kusaka sneered, seemingly noticing Toma's handbag placed beside the desk. Toma ignored his provocation and placed the storage box on the stained workbench. He put on gloves, opened the lid, and placed the evidence on the workbench one by one.
[1763] The door next to the director's room opened, and Momiji Shiro entered. It was clear that she was concerned about this case.
[1764] The evidence was scarce. There was only the victim's underwear, long-sleeved shirt, sweater, pants, watch, and wallet. There were no coats or jackets. Considering that it was December, it was likely that the victim was killed indoors and then discarded on the banks of the Tamagawa River. There was no blunt weapon as a weapon in the evidence.
[1765] When Toma took out the sweater, he noticed a bloodstain on the left sleeve. This must be the bloodstain that Yamazaki Chief Inspector mentioned on the sweater sleeve, which did not belong to the victim.
[1766] After the members of the search team confirmed the evidence, Qiong put the evidence back in the storage box. Shoukan picked up the storage box.
[1767] "Can you tell me more about the case that happened last night?"
[1768] Qiong asked cautiously. Although he didn't expect an answer, he couldn't help but ask. As soon as he asked, he regretted it. Shoukan smiled and answered.
[1769] "I'm sorry, but I can't tell you anything else besides what the Chief Inspector said. After all, you're an outsider."
[1770] "—an outsider?"
[1771] "Yes, outsider. You leaked important information to the media, and we suffered a lot because of it. Remember, you forgot the investigation materials at the crime scene and someone uploaded them to the internet."
[1772] Cai was heated up. When he came to his senses, he had already grabbed Xiangsui's wrist. Xiangsui lost his balance, and the storage box he was holding fell to the floor with a loud thud, echoing through the assistant room.
[1773] "Stop it!"
[1774] Cai was restrained by his former colleagues and pinned against the wall.
[1775] Xiangsui smoothed out the wrinkles in his suit sleeve and picked up the storage box again. His former colleagues looked at him with pity, while Tomoe, the chief, continued to glare at Cai coldly.
[1776] "Let's go."
[1777] The head of the search team, Sanzaki, spoke as if nothing had happened, and the search team members dispersed down the hallway. Kurenai returned silently to the office. Tsukamoto was left alone in the assistant room.
[1778] An unprecedented sense of powerlessness washed over him.
[1779] The next morning, Tsukamoto ate a stale piece of bread for breakfast in his apartment while watching the news on TV.
[1780] A reporter stood by the riverside, delivering a somber report about the case discovered the previous morning. Tsukamoto felt a pang of sadness in his chest and wanted to turn off the TV, but he forced himself to continue watching.
[1781] The victim's name was Atsushi, 24 years old. He was a graduate student in the Department of Economics at Hoso University and was in his second year of graduate school. The body was found on the banks of the Tamagawa River in Choufu City, struck on the head with a blunt object. The time of death was estimated to be between 9:00 and 10:00 p.m. on December 8th. There was no coat or jacket belonging to the victim found at the scene, so it was presumed that he was killed elsewhere and then dumped on the riverbank. In fact, there were tire tracks on the shore, and it was likely that the body was transported with that vehicle. The crime scene is still unknown. The apartment of the victim in Higashiu City was investigated, and the room was on the fifth floor, with a surveillance camera in the hallway, making it extremely difficult to carry the body out, so the apartment is not likely to be the crime scene. There was O-type blood on the sleeve of the sweater, as the victim was A-type and had no bleeding, so it was someone else's blood. The victim was sincere and diligent, widely praised in the laboratory, and had no problems in his interpersonal relationships. The reason for the murder is still unknown...
[1782] The scene switched back to the studio. The host said,
[1783] "In fact, twenty-six years ago, a body was also found dead in a similar place. The age, method of murder, and estimated time of death of the victim are very similar to this case. What's even more shocking is that in the case twenty-six years ago, the sleeve of the victim's sweater had blood that seemed to belong to the perpetrator, and in this case, the sweater of the victim also had blood that did not belong to the victim. The search headquarters is investigating as if it were the same perpetrator."
[1784] The host asked the on-site reporter.
[1785] "If it's the same perpetrator, why did the killer kill again twenty-six years later? What's the search headquarters' opinion on this?"
[1786] "We don't have any information yet, but I will ask them at the press conference."
[1787] "Have the bloodstains on the victim's sweater sleeve been identified, and are they from the same person as the bloodstains from twenty-six years ago?"
[1788] "It seems that the investigation is still ongoing. We should know the results in a few days."
[1789] As the clock on the wall showed it was almost time for work, Jun used the remote control to turn off the TV and stood up.
[1790] Jun was using the terminal at the crime data library to search for information on the case from twenty-six years ago.
[1791] The case was named "Murder and Abandonment of a Young Male Body on the Bank of the Tamagawa River in Hachioji City." On December 9, 1987, a young male murder victim was found on the bank of the Tamagawa River in Hachioji City. The victim was Fukuda Fumio, 24 years old. There were traces of blunt force trauma to the head from a long, rectangular-shaped object. The time of death was estimated to be between 9:00 and 10:00 p.m. the previous evening. There were O-type bloodstains on the left sleeve of the victim's sweater, but there were no bleeding traces on the body. To be cautious, the victim's blood type was checked and found to be B-type, confirming that the bloodstains on the sleeve came from someone else. It is likely that the perpetrator was injured during a struggle with the victim and bled. The victim was not wearing any cold weather clothing, and there were no signs of a struggle in the vicinity, so it is likely that he was killed indoors and then transported to the riverbank and abandoned.
[1792] Fukuda Fumio dropped out of high school and became a bartender at a pachinko parlor, but was fired for continuous absences. At the time of the incident, he was unemployed. He had a violent temper and was known for causing trouble, so there were several suspects. However, each suspect had an alibi at the time of the incident, and the killer could not be identified…
[1793] That's all the information in the CCRS.
[1794] Why am I looking into this? Gen wondered. Without any evidence or search records, it's impossible to conduct a search. It's time to wake up from my previous dreams…
[1795] Two days later, on December 12th, around 9:30 a.m., Gen was putting barcode labels on evidence in the assistant room when the gatekeeper, Otsuka Keijirou, called him on the intercom. He said that an inspector from the Metropolitan Police Department had arrived.
[1796] Inspector? Sato wondered why an inspector would come to visit. The inspector's job is to investigate and handle scandals within the police department. Could there be some trouble at the Crime Records Research System? But this is a position with no budget or staff, so what kind of scandal could there be?
[1797] Sato opened the door, and standing there was a small man with an unusually large head.
[1798] "I am Inspector Fujisawa Engaku. Nice to meet you."
[1799] He smiled, revealing a mouthful of crooked teeth, and showed Sato his police manual with the Metropolitan Police Department's emblem. It read "Inspector of the Inspectorate Department of the Metropolitan Police Department - Chief Inspector. Police rank is Chief Inspector. It is four levels higher than Sato's.
[1800]
[1801] Saito is around forty years old. He has a frail body and looks like he couldn't even tie a chicken. However, his head is disproportionately large. He has a goldfish bowl-like eyes, a garlic nose, and thick lips, which makes him look incredibly ugly. Becoming an Inspector General at this age must have come from an elite background, but he doesn't exude the aura of an elite class nor does he seem experienced. In short, he doesn't look like a police officer. If he had to be compared to something, he would probably resemble a goblin from a fairy tale.
[1802] "Please lead me to the director's office. I need your help."
[1803] After Saito spoke, the man led him down the hallway. A cleaning lady, Midori Kawanami, stood there with a mop in her hand, staring blankly at the Supervisory Officer.
[1804] The man intended to bring Saito to the director's office and then return to the assistant room. However, he was called back and told to come along as well. Confused, the man complied.
[1805] The director, Hibikura Shiroka, showed no reaction to the Supervisory Officer's visit and continued reading the document. The man worried for her and thought she should at least stand up to show respect, especially since the visitor was a Supervisory Officer.
[1806] "Long time no see, Miko."
[1807] Takemura spoke in a friendly tone, as if they were old acquaintances. However, the snow woman only glanced at him and nodded indifferently. The Inspector sighed.
[1808] "You're still the same as ever."
[1809] "What brings you here, Inspector Takemura?"
[1810] "No need for formalities between old friends."
[1811] Higekomori sat down on the sofa in the corner of the room. He frowned.
[1812] "What's with this sofa? It's all loose. Why don't you get rid of it and get a better one?"
[1813] "What brings you here? Just you alone, so it can't be for disciplinary reasons."
[1814] "I came to see you. Do you believe that?"
[1815] Hibana Shizuka did not respond. Higekomori spoke seriously.
[1816] "Actually, I wanted to ask for your help."
[1817] Hibikura Shizuka stopped flipping through the documents.
[1818] "There was a male homicide found on the banks of the Tama River in Tama City on the ninth. You know about it, right?"
[1819] "The Investigation Department believes that this is the same perpetrator as the case twenty-six years ago, who took the evidence and investigation materials. What's the matter?"
[1820] "I want you to investigate this case and the case twenty-six years ago."
[1821] Komi was taken aback by the unexpected statement. Why would the inspector make such a request?
[1822] Yuki slightly narrowed her eyes.
[1823] "Is it that you suspect the killer is among the people involved in the investigation twenty-six years ago?"
[1824] Fujisaki smiled, revealing his crooked teeth.
[1825] "You're still so sharp. That's exactly it."
[1826] "What? What do you mean?"
[1827] How did you come to this conclusion? I'm confused.
[1828] Hibiki looked at Shuang.
[1829] "Three days ago, Mountsuki said that the investigation team concluded that this case is the same as the one from twenty-six years ago based on six identical features, right? But is this conclusion really correct?"
[1830] "But the scene is almost identical..."
[1831] "That's the problem. The victim's age, time of the crime, method of murder, disposal of the body, and the condition of the body are all the same. This case is a perfect recreation of the case twenty-six years ago. Even the details that the perpetrator may have overlooked are included. Moreover, the perpetrator even recreated an incident that seemed to be purely accidental in the case twenty-six years ago. Twenty-six years ago, the victim's sweater sleeve was stained with what appeared to be blood from the perpetrator's injury. This was clearly an accident. However, the perpetrator even recreated this point. Considering that the perpetrator recreated the accidental event, it would be more likely that the perpetrator is an imitator."
[1832] "Imitator?"
[1833] "Yes. The killer in this case may have idolized the killer from twenty-six years ago and wanted to 'pay tribute' to him. Or, by imitating the case from twenty-six years ago, the killer may have wanted to make the police believe that it was the same perpetrator, thus evading suspicion or concealing his true motive. However, if the imitation is due to admiration for the killer, the previous case was often very notorious. That's why it's worth imitating. The purpose is to share some of the attention the previous killer received."
[1834] "But if it's an imitator, how did the killer know the method of murder and the situation at the scene twenty-six years ago? The search department chief said that although the victim's age, estimated time of death, and bloodstains on the sleeve were publicly available information, the disposal site, body position, and shape of the weapon were never disclosed. Despite this, the killer still recreated the situation from twenty-six years ago. How did the killer know these unpublished information... Ah, I see. That's what you mean."
[1835] Akira finally understood the train of thought of Kinoshita and Scarlet Shizuka. Scarlet Shizuka said.
[1836] "The perpetrator recreated the situation without the information being publicly available. This leads to two possibilities."
[1837] "The first possibility is that the perpetrator directly obtained information about the method of murder and the condition of the scene from the perpetrator twenty-six years ago. But can the perpetrator's explanation really be so specific and accurate?"
[1838] "The second possibility is that the perpetrator was among the search personnel twenty-six years ago. Either it was a searcher at that time, or someone who did not directly participate in the search but could obtain search records through the CCRS."
[1839] That's right. Tomei nodded.
[1840] "The perpetrator may have been among the search personnel at that time. By the way, the searchers for the case twenty-six years ago include several people in the investigation department. Mountaki Dohfu, the chief of the investigation department, is one of them."
[1841] "Koumori murmured in confusion. The reason for the prosecutor's visit finally came to light.
[1842] "I'm not saying Detective Dai Shou is the murderer, but it cannot be denied that he has the possibility of leaking case information to the murderer. This case must have a searcher outside the search section.
[1843] "So you're blaming the Crimson Museum. After all, we have a precedent of exposing the detective as the murderer, right? To serve as a shield for your Prosecutor's Office.
[1844] "Fujimoto smiled bitterly at Akane Tsukiyomi's words.
[1845] "That's right. The murderer could be one of the search-related personnel at the time. By the way, several of the search officers from the case twenty-six years ago are still in the search section. Detective Dai Shou is one of them."
[1846] "You're still as relentless as ever. Don't say that. The inspectorate is not used to the methods of criminal investigation. You're different. Although you haven't worked on the search team, your investigative skills are top-notch. After investigating, I found that you have the assistance of former Chief Inspector Shinya Takahashi. You have solved four cases this year, and it really surprised me that two people can do so much. So, please, help me out with this.
[1847] "I'm not saying no, but there's a condition. I want the freedom to view all the evidence and search records of the cases handled by the search team twenty-six years ago, and to keep track of their investigation status for this case."
[1848] "There are a few people in the search team who cooperate with the inspectorate. I'll have them secretly copy the search records. You can also ask them about the current investigation status at any time. As for freely viewing the evidence, it's a bit difficult."
[1849] The people who cooperate with the inspectorate are, in essence, spies. There's a spy in the search team. Confusion was speechless.
[1850] Hibana Shiroko answered expressionlessly: "Leave it to us." Her voice contained no strength or determination, almost like a machine.
[1851] "First, tell us about the progress of the current case. I only heard a brief introduction from the Search Department Chief three days ago."
[1852] Although Tenga spoke in detail, most of the information was the same as what Sadao had learned from a TV show ten days ago, with nothing new.
[1853] "...The victim's right sleeve of the sweater had O-type blood, and the victim did not bleed, so it belonged to someone else. We are currently investigating whether anyone saw a suspicious vehicle during the night of December 8th to the early morning of December 9th when the body was dumped, but we have not received any reports yet. The motive for the murder remains unknown. Takeda Ryuji was very ethical and diligent, well-liked in the lab and by the professors, and he was also a popular English teacher at a high school cram school. His colleagues and students also liked him very much. He was straightforward and meticulous, and it seems he was not dating anyone. We really couldn't find a suspect with a strong motive to kill him."
[1854] "If the hypothesis of the imitator is established, the killer would have wanted to escape blame by creating the illusion of the same perpetrator. In other words, the killer should have had a strong motive to kill Takeda Ryuji, and as soon as he acted, he would have been exposed. That's why he pushed the blame onto the killer from twenty-six years ago. So, if the killer is indeed an imitator, we should soon be able to find a strong motive."
[1855] Tenga shrugged his shoulders.
[1856] "That's true, but we can't find the motive right now. He was a perfect model student with no flaws."
[1857] "Since the investigation headquarters adopted the same culprit hypothesis, they should have compared Toyoda Ryohei's social circle with the one from twenty-six years ago. If it's the same culprit, their social circles should have overlapped. What were the results?"
[1858] "There was no overlap at all. It's obvious, right? Fukuda Fumio was killed twenty-six years ago, and Toyoda Ryohei was not born yet. It's possible that someone who knew Fukuda Fumio could have known Toyoda Ryohei, but we haven't found anyone like that. Fukuda Fumio dropped out of high school, worked as a bartender at a pachinko parlor and was fired, while Toyoda Ryohei was a graduate student. Their social circles really couldn't have overlapped. This supports the imitator hypothesis. However, the investigation has just begun, so it's possible that we just haven't found it yet…"
[1859] "What were the results of the comparison of the blood on the sleeves of the victims?"
[1860] "The National Research Institute of Police Science conducted DNA analysis, and it was confirmed that it was not from the same person."
[1861] "Are there any blood ties between them?"
[1862] "No."
[1863] "Do we know their ages and genders?"
[1864] "They are both male. As for their ages, current technology cannot determine it."
[1865] "If the investigation department supports the same culprit hypothesis, how do they explain the fact that the blood is not from the same person?"
[1866] "In this case, the blood on the victim's sleeve is a smoke screen to confuse the investigation. The killer accidentally left his own blood on the victim's sweater 26 years ago, and to confuse the investigation, he intentionally left someone else's blood this time. It's even possible that 26 years ago, he also set a trap by leaving someone else's blood – that's how the investigation headquarters explains it."
[1867] After the inspector left, Hikari was sent to the National Library to do research by the red Shizuka. Hikari left the assistant room and met Midori Miyuki in the corridor with a mop. She curiously asked Hikari.
[1868] "Who was that just now? The ugliest person in the world."
[1869] "He's an inspector from the Metropolitan Police Department. He seems to be the director's classmate."
[1870] "Classmate? Is that guy an elite too? He looks like a beast standing next to the director."
[1871] Tomoe wanted to correct her that it should be "snow maiden and goblin," but didn't say it out loud because it was too childish.
[1872] Midori Takahashi stared intently at Tomoe.
[1873] "Oh, you seem more lively. Your voice is louder. Anything good happen?"
[1874] "No."
[1875] Although she said "no," she was very clear in her mind that it was because she had received a search request from Tome. Indeed, she was still a detective at heart.
[1876] "Well, as long as you're more spirited. For the past three days, you've been like a walking corpse, Temple-san. Your good looks are almost gone."
[1877] Is that so, Chōmang chuckled.
[1878] "Are you going out wearing a coat?"
[1879] "Yes, I'm going to the National Library of Congress."
[1880] - To check if there are any newspapers or weekly magazines that mentioned the specific location of the blood attachment in the twenty-six-year-old case. Check all the major newspapers and magazines nationwide for the year following the incident.
[1881] "Snow Woman" instructed.
[1882] "Alright, I'll work hard!"
[1883] Nakamura Mei-ko said, sending Kumi out the door.
[1884] Until 7 pm when the library closed, Kumi was still flipping through various newspapers and magazines. She was getting frustrated and her eyes were hurting, but she found no report mentioning the blood's location. Kumi had already anticipated this outcome before starting the investigation.
[1885] Kumi left the National Library of Congress and called the Crime Records Center on her phone to report her findings. She simply said "Good job" and hung up without mentioning the purpose of the investigation.
[1886] "What the hell is that guy thinking!"
[1887] Unknowingly, Sato cursed out loud. Passersby glared at her and walked quickly past her.
[1888] The next day, at 2 pm on the 13th floor of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, a row of long tables and steel chairs were set up for a press conference. Over thirty reporters were ready. The case of the late Mr. Odagiri had been an ordinary one, and the media didn't think it had much news value. However, after the investigation headquarters announced that this case might be related to a case twenty-six years ago, the media became curious again.
[1889] When Sato arrived at the Criminal Records Museum this morning, the scarlet Shizuka asked her to attend the press conference to be held at the investigation headquarters in the afternoon. No matter how much she inquired about the purpose, she remained tight-lipped. She only instructed Sato to report back everything she saw and heard.
[1890] The Chief Inspector of the Mount Fuji Police Department, Yoshitaka Yamazaki, readily approved Sato's attendance request. He probably thought it was okay to let the Scarlet Museum know since the information was already made public to the media.
[1891] Tomi found a secluded corner and sat down. Several reporters he knew from the search unit immediately noticed him and showed surprised expressions.
[1892] "Isn't this Mr. Terada? Why are you here?"
[1893] The first to approach him was Fujiko Fujio, a reporter from the Dongbang News. She was about forty years old and had a son who was in kindergarten.
[1894] "This case has the possibility of being the same perpetrator as the one twenty-six years ago, so we borrowed the evidence and investigation materials from our crime museum. That's why I'm here."
[1895] How bitter the explanation was! Fujiko Fujio seemed to understand.
[1896] "So that's it. Oh, two months ago, you were a great help. Thanks to you, I wrote a good news article."
[1897] Two months ago, she contacted Zhōng to request an interview at the crime archives, and Zhōng took her on a tour of the facility. Of course, the evidence and investigation materials storage room was not allowed for civilian access, so Zhōng only showed her other areas of the facility.
[1898] "How is the beautiful director lately?"
[1899] "She's doing well, thank you for asking."
[1900] "Such a beautiful person is rare to see."
[1901] "Who is the beautiful director you're talking about?"
[1902] A reporter from the Keiyo News, Takahashi Takahashi, approached. He's in his thirties and has a beard on his upper lip and chin, giving him a somewhat wild appearance.
[1903] "We were talking about the director of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's Criminal Information Center."
[1904] "Really that beautiful? I'll apply for a visit next time."
[1905] At this point, the radio course announcer announced that the press conference would begin. Chief Inspector Yamazaki of the Mount Takao Police Station and the Chief of the Population Section of the neighboring Kichijoji Police Station took the stage and sat down at the long table prepared for the press conference on the podium. Several microphones for the reporters were set up on the table.
[1906] Shin's heart raced. The investigators who worked on the case twenty-six years ago, including the current Chief Inspector Yamazaki, were now in the Search Department. Did Hibari Asubiko send Shin to the press conference hoping that Shin would catch some information from the Chief Inspector's mouth that only the killer would know?
[1907] In general, "facts that only the killer would know" refers to "facts that only people involved in the investigation would know, and that no one else could know." If such information is heard from an ordinary person's mouth, it can almost be locked down as the killer.
[1908] However, this time it's different. The suspect is someone involved in the investigation. If he is asked how he knows about this, he can escape by saying that he was involved in the investigation. In this case, "facts that only the killer would know" refers to "facts that even the investigators don't know, but only the killer himself could know." If Chief Inspector Yamazaki reveals some information that the current investigation has not yet touched upon during the press conference, he will show his tail.
[1909] To find out the latest progress in the investigation, Shin had emailed the PDF file of the investigation records of the case twenty-six years ago to the crime records museum this morning. Shin read through the material during the time before the press conference. He also asked Detective Fukutaka about the latest investigation progress yesterday. However, he was not sure if he could find any flaws in Chief Inspector Yamazaki's words.
[1910] The reporters began to ask Chief Inspector Yamazaki questions one by one.
[1911] "Do you know the reason for the murder of Wataru Hirose?"
[1912] "Is there any connection between the two victims?"
[1913] "Did their social circles have no overlap?"
[1914] "Why did the killer commit the crime again twenty-six years later?"
[1915] The reporters' questions came one after another, but Mountaki shook his head and said, "There is nothing to report at the moment." A hint of bitterness appeared on his angular face.
[1916] After a barrage of questions, Fujino Junsubo of Tōhō Shinbun asked.
[1917] "Both victims' bloodstains on their sweater sleeves have been found. We know that both bloodstains are male O-type blood, and currently, we cannot determine the age of the blood owners. At yesterday's press conference, you said that the National Research Institute of Police Science was comparing the two samples to see if they came from the same person. Have the results come out yet?"
[1918] Mountsaki breathed a sigh of relief, as if he had finally found a question he could answer.
[1919] "Yes, they have. The two blood samples did not come from the same person."
[1920] "Are there any blood relations between the owners of the blood samples?"
[1921] "What do you mean?"
[1922] "For example, father and son, grandfather and grandson."
[1923] "Unfortunately, we don't know yet."
[1924] "Do you plan to investigate?"
[1925] "Not yet."
[1926] Fujino Junzo's face showed a disappointed expression.
[1927] In fact, yesterday, Fujin had said that the Forensic Science Research Institute of the Metropolitan Police Department had indeed investigated the blood relationship between two blood samples. However, this investigation raises some human rights and ethical issues. The blood sample from twenty-six years ago is highly likely to be from the perpetrator himself, and investigating whether the two blood samples come from the same person is not a problem. However, if you investigate whether there is a blood relationship between the two blood samples, it would be equivalent to investigating whether the new blood sample "comes from the perpetrator's relatives", which would exceed the reasonable scope of using DNA identification technology for criminal investigation. Therefore, the results of the investigation cannot be disclosed at the press conference.
[1928] "Why do you want to investigate the blood relationship between the two blood samples?" asked Yamazaki, the chief of the investigation department.
[1929] "Because there is a doubt about the view that the same perpetrator was involved."
[1930] "Because of the doubt raised by the investigation department."
[1931] Gen felt a chill in his heart. Are they also thinking about the possibility of the investigation personnel imitating the criminal?
[1932] Yamanaka seemed to be aroused by interest.
[1933] "Oh? It seems that Tōhō Shimbun thinks it's not the same criminal?"
[1934] "It's not related to our company, but just my personal opinion... If it's the same criminal, will the killer really reenact his crime twenty-six years later?"
[1935] "But these two cases are very similar."
[1936] "That's why I think it's necessary to consider the relationship between father and son or grandfather and grandson. The father or grandfather committed the crime twenty-six years ago, and now the son or grandson is committing the crime."
[1937] The reporters were in an uproar. So that's it, Zhong thought. If it's a father-son or grandfather-grandson relationship, the intimate relationship between them would make it possible for the killer twenty-six years ago to tell the current killer the details of the crime process - even to the point of perfect imitation. This way, even if they are not related to the investigation, they can commit a flawless imitation crime.
[1938] The mountain smiled.
[1939] "It's an interesting line of thought. Would you like to join the investigation department?"
[1940] The reporters laughed, and the chief investigator continued.
[1941] "However, the investigation team still believes that twenty-six years ago, the killer left his blood on the victim's sleeve by accident. Now, to confuse the investigation, he deliberately left someone else's blood on the victim's sleeve. That's our perspective."
[1942] It was clear that Fujiko still had questions, but she had to nod and say, "…Okay, I understand."
[1943] Tsukune pondered the idea of an imitator under the blood relationship. How would Shiroganezako react to this assumption? He must ask her when he gets back.
[1944] The questioning of the chief investigator continued, but Tsukune never heard any "facts known only to the killer" from him.
[1945] "What are you thinking about?"
[1946] Emiko cursed Fujino Junsubo, who was not present, and the reporters around him cast curious glances. They probably thought that the demotion and transfer to the crime records library had taken a heavy toll on this man.
[1947] Emiko returned to the crime records library and recounted the press conference. Fujino Junsubo narrowed her eyes slightly. This proved that Emiko's report was very important.
[1948] "I find the hypothesis of the mimic killer under the blood relationship quite interesting, what do you think, Director?"
[1949] Emiko asked, and Fujino Junsubo answered expressionlessly.
[1950] "As a hypothesis, it's interesting, but it's impossible in reality."
[1951] "Why?"
[1952] She didn't answer the question, but instead ordered.
[1953] "Call Inspector General Takeda. I know the truth."
[1954] An hour later, the Chief Inspector sat down on the sagging sofa, complaining. Biao felt a little embarrassed to sit next to Inspector Takeda and decided to stand and listen.
[1955] Scarlet Tsukiyomi's voice was very low.
[1956] "This case appears to be a perfect imitation of the case twenty-six years ago, but there is one difference. It's the location of the blood on the victim's sweater."
[1957] "The location of the blood?"
[1958] "When the search team took over the evidence and investigation materials from the case twenty-six years ago, they had Temple-san put all the evidence on the assistant's desk to confirm the contents. At that time, I noticed that in the case of Fukuda Takao, the bloodstain was attached to the left sleeve of the sweater. The CCRS recorded case information can also confirm this. However, Detective Ootani, you said that in the case of Watanabe Ryosuke, the bloodstain was attached to the right sleeve of the sweater. Even though all other elements were perfectly reproduced from twenty-six years ago, why didn't you imitate the location of the bloodstain?"
[1959] Chou couldn't answer, and Detective Ootani seemed at a loss for words.
[1960] "If the killer of the Watanabe Ryosuke case is someone involved in the investigation, he would not have made a mistake in the location of the bloodstain if he had been to the crime scene or checked the case information through the search records and CCRS. However, the killer failed to correctly reproduce this point."
[1961] "The conclusion is clear. The killer does not know the exact location, whether it is the left sleeve or the right sleeve. And the searchers cannot not know. Therefore, the killer is not the searchers."
[1962] "Not a search of the relevant persons…"
[1963] The long-standing premise of the search has been easily overturned, and Cun is somewhat bewildered.
[1964] "Indeed, you have a point."
[1965] Bingshu carefully considered before speaking.
[1966] "If the murderer is not a member of the search team, then there is nothing for us investigators to do. That is, indeed, fortunate…"
[1967] "No matter whether the murderer is a member of the search team, he has perfectly imitated all the other elements except for the blood locations. In other words, he knows all the other case information except for the blood locations. Who could such a person be?"
[1968] "All other case information except for the blood locations? Could it be…"
[1969] "There is only one possibility. It is the very same murderer from twenty-six years ago."
[1970] "—The very same murderer from twenty-six years ago? Could it really be the same criminal?"
[1971] "In the end, it seems that the investigation team came up with the correct answer."
[1972] "If it's the same criminal from twenty-six years ago, then naturally, the detailed location of the corpse, the posture of the body, and the shape of the blunt object would all be known. As for the bloodstains on the victim's clothes, I believe it was an accident. The killer didn't even notice it. The reason is: whether the bloodstain comes from the killer or not, he has to dispose of it. If it's from the killer, the bloodstain can reveal the killer's blood type. Even if it's not from the killer, it must be from someone who was at the crime scene at the time, in other words, someone closely related to the killer, and the bloodstain can reveal that person's blood type. So, if the killer noticed the bloodstain, he should have taken the victim's sweater and disposed of it directly. But he didn't do that, which means he didn't notice the bloodstain at the time. Later, when the killer saw the news, he found out that there was a bloodstain on the sleeve of the sweater. However, the news did not report whether the bloodstain was on the left or right sleeve. Therefore, the killer couldn't know the correct location of the bloodstain."
[1973] Akagi finally understood the purpose of sending him to investigate if any newspapers or magazines reported the specific location of the blood. The news only mentioned that there was a bloodstain on the sleeve of the sweater, but it didn't specify whether it was the left or right sleeve. Neither the TV nor the radio, nor the newspapers or magazines, reported it.
[1974] Tsubaki raised an objection.
[1975] "But if it's the same criminal, why would the killer perfectly reenact his crime from twenty-six years ago? I support the imitation criminal hypothesis because I think even the same criminal himself couldn't reenact the scene without any deviation. It's only possible that someone deliberately imitated it. Akiyoshi, you thought the same thing, didn't you? If it's the same criminal, why would the killer imitate his own crime? Unless this point is explained, the same criminal hypothesis can't be established."
[1976] "You're right. If it's not an imitation but the same perpetrator, we'll have to face this strange puzzle: the killer imitated his previous crime. Why did he do that? To unravel this mystery, we need to think about what would happen if a new case that imitates the crime from twenty-six years ago appears. Only then can we approach the killer's true intentions."
[1977] "What would happen next...?"
[1978] "The search headquarters would consider these two cases as the work of the same perpetrator. Then, they would naturally guess that the bloodstains on the victim's clothing came from the killer. Naturally, they would investigate through the bloodstains whether these two cases are really the work of the same perpetrator."
[1979] "Investigate whether the blood comes from the same person?"
[1980] "To be precise, it's not just that. Comparing the two blood samples would yield two results: either they come from the same person, or they don't. If it's the latter, there would be two scenarios: either they belong to the same family, or they have no relation at all."
[1981] "In my opinion, the killer imitated his past crime to make the police compare the relationship between the two blood samples. In other words, the killer killed again to compare the blood on the victim's clothes with the blood left on the victim's clothes twenty-six years ago."
[1982] "This leads to a new inference. I also mentioned earlier that the blood on the victim's clothes twenty-six years ago could have come from the killer or someone else who was present at the crime scene at that time, and who was closely related to the killer. Now that we know the killer's intention was to compare the blood, we can conclude that the blood twenty-six years ago was not from the killer, but from someone closely related to him. Because if it was the killer's blood, he could have used his own blood for comparison without going through the trouble of using the blood left on the evidence twenty-six years ago. Similarly, the person closely related to the killer should have died by now, otherwise the killer could have asked him to provide a blood sample. It seems that the only blood trace left by that person is on the victim's clothes twenty-six years ago."
[1983] "So, how did the killer find out the result of the blood comparison? Through the news? But the results of blood comparison may not be publicly announced in the news. It would be terrible if the killer had to pay the price of committing another murder just to find out the result, only to find out that he still didn't know the result."
[1984] "Therefore, I believe the killer is a media professional. That way, he can directly ask about the result of the blood comparison at a press conference."
[1985] Connie drew in a sharp breath.
[1986] "Based on all this, I have my suspicions about her. Could it be that she killed someone to confirm whether there is a parent-child or grandparent-grandchild relationship between the two blood samples?
[1987] "As mentioned earlier, the owner of the blood on the victim's clothes from twenty-six years ago should have died. If Fujino Junsubo wanted to confirm the blood relationship between the two samples, the owner of the blood from twenty-six years ago should have been the father or grandfather, and now the owner should be the son or grandson. Moreover, the blood used now should be very easy for her to obtain.
[1988] "To summarize, I have my doubts about her. Could it be that she killed someone to confirm whether there is a parent-child or grandparent-grandchild relationship between the two blood samples?
[1989] "As mentioned earlier, the owner of the blood on the victim's clothes from twenty-six years ago should have died. Fujino Junsubo wanted to confirm the blood relationship between the two samples, so the owner of the blood from twenty-six years ago should have been the father or grandfather, and now the owner should be the son or grandson. Moreover, the blood used now should be very easy for her to obtain.
[1990] "To summarize, I have my doubts about her. Could it be that she killed someone to confirm whether there is a parent-child or grandparent-grandchild relationship between the two blood samples?"
[1991] "Therefore, a more reasonable possibility is that the current blood comes from her son, and the blood from twenty-six years ago comes from her father. She wants to investigate whether there is a grandfather-grandson relationship between the two blood samples."
[1992] The soldier nodded and pondered.
[1993] "Why bother investigating this?"
[1994] "To find out if she is her father's biological child. If she is her father's biological child, the blood of her father and son will show a grandfather-grandson relationship. If not, there will be no grandfather-grandson relationship between the two blood samples. Although there is also a possibility that she is her father's biological child, but her son is not her own, so there is no grandfather-grandson relationship. But she is a woman, and the mother-child relationship should be very certain, as it is a child born from her own womb. Therefore, if there is no grandfather-grandson relationship between the two blood samples, it can prove that she is not her father's biological child. She must have thought so.
[1995] "If she wants to determine her blood relationship with her father, why doesn't she use the ashes? Extract DNA from the ashes and compare it with her own DNA isn't it enough?"
[1996] "Ashes won't work. The high temperature of 800 to 1,200 degrees Celsius in the crematorium will completely destroy the DNA structure, making it unsuitable for DNA identification. Ashes from fire victims can be used for DNA identification because the temperature is not that high, but after cremation, it is not possible, at least with current technology. She probably went to a private DNA identification institution with the ashes and was told it was impossible."
[1997] "After much thought, she realized the only remaining DNA sample that could be used for identification from her father was the bloodstain left on the victim's clothes twenty-six years ago. However, that piece of clothing is now being kept in the crime records archive, which is not accessible to the general public."
[1998] Tomoki interrupted.
[1999] "By the way, Fujinuma Pureza applied to the crime records archive for research. Was the real purpose to find out if it was possible to steal the clothes?"
[2000] "It's likely. She found out that the security at the crime records archive was very strict and that it was impossible to steal the clothes. So she came up with a very frightening idea."
[2001] "That is, she would reenact the case twenty-six years ago and leave her son's blood on the victim's clothing. She did not use her own blood because it would have been detected that the blood belonged to a female.
[2002] "The police believed that the bloodstain on the victim's clothing twenty-six years ago belonged to the killer, so in order to confirm if the new case was committed by the same perpetrator, they would use DNA identification technology to compare the two blood samples. If Fujiko Tanaka was her father's biological child, the two blood samples would be in a grandfather-grandchild relationship. This would allow her to confirm that she is indeed her father's child. In a way, the police unknowingly conducted a paternity test for her.
[2003] "So she perfectly imitated the case twenty-six years ago. The case from twenty-six years ago was very ordinary and had no striking elements. There were no features that could be immediately recognized as being committed by the same perpetrator. Therefore, she killed a victim of the same age as herself at the same time, using the same weapon, and disposed of the body in the same location, arranging the body in the same position. By thoroughly imitating the past case, she highlighted the possibility of the same perpetrator.
[2004] "This is the reason for the eerie mystery - why the killer would imitate his own past crime - that the imitation was too perfect, leading to suspicion that it was an imitation. It is ironic that the victim in this case was essentially just a container for the blood that wanted to be subjected to a paternity test, and anyone could have been chosen. Fujiko Tanaka chose an object that was completely unrelated to her.
[2005] "As a result, no matter how hard the police investigate, they will not be able to identify the true perpetrator."
[2006] "Leaving her son's blood on the victim's clothes was akin to handing a fatal weapon to the police. However, Fujino Junsubo had no connection to the victim, and she was confident that the spotlight would not shine on her. So even if she gave the police her son's blood, they wouldn't discover it.
[2007] "That being said, once the spotlight shines, it's all over.
[2008] "Yes. However, she achieved her goal of confirming her blood relationship with her father.
[2009] "That's why she was so disappointed when the search headquarters didn't disclose the blood relationship between the two samples.
[2010] "Yes. However, I also said that she's an old hand. Although the search headquarters didn't disclose the results, she should have noticed that they were investigated. She'll probably relentlessly pursue the search chief and do everything she can to find out the result."
[2011] "I don't understand," Hatake sighed.
[2012] "Why did she want to confirm the blood relationship with her father so badly?"
[2013] Hiragiku Shizuka shook her head.
[2014] "I don't know. There must be some reason only she would understand... "
[2015] Hiragiku Shizuka called in the search headquarters chief Hatake and the eighth section chief Imai, and reiterated her reasoning. She omitted the part where she suspected the killer was from the search department. It seems she still understands the rules of etiquette. Imai had Hiragiku Shizuka as an enemy due to the case of Midori Bread Company, and he was worried that he would be opposed to her reasoning. It turned out that Hatake's concerns were unfounded. Imai secretly collected hair from Fujino Junsubo's son with the root, extracted DNA from it, and compared it with the DNA of the bloodstains on Atsushi's clothes. The results showed that the bloodstains on Atsushi's clothes were the same as those of Fujino Junsubo's son. The person who could most easily obtain these bloodstains was naturally her mother, Fujino Junsubo. As a result, Fujino Junsubo was arrested as a suspect in the murder of Atsushi. She confessed to killing Fukuda Fumio twenty-six years ago and admitted that she committed the murder to compare the two blood samples.
[2016] Her husband was a colleague at Tōhō Shihōin and served as a correspondent in the United States. He took his son to the United States to protect him from bullying due to his mother's crime, but Hibana Shizuka was most concerned about whether her son would suffer severe psychological trauma after knowing that his mother used his blood. She hoped that time and appropriate psychological counseling would help him overcome this. She prayed.
[2017] Two days after the arrest of Fujimoto Jun, Detective Yamanaka and Detective Imai visited the Crime Museum to provide detailed information about her confession.
[2018] Fujimoto Jun was hated by her father from birth and grew up under her father's verbal and physical abuse. Her mother left her when she was in the second grade, and the abuse worsened.
[2019] In her third year of junior high school, on December 8, 1987, a decisive "event" occurred.
[2020] At around 8 pm that night, her father brought a young man named Fukuda Fumio home. They seemed to have met at a bar they often frequented. Fukuda Fumio was a scoundrel who looked her up and down with a lascivious gaze as soon as he saw her. Fujimoto Jun felt deeply disgusted by him from the bottom of her heart.
[2021] The father and Fukuda Fumio soon started drinking in the living room. She was studying in her room. Suddenly, the door opened. She turned around and saw Fukuda Fumio standing at the doorway. As she instinctively got up, the man lunged at her without saying a word. It didn't take much effort for him to pin her down on the floor. She struggled desperately, and out of the corner of her eye, she saw her father standing at the door, his face red with anger.
[2022] - At that moment, she realized. Her father had come up with a new way to abuse her. Letting the man he picked up from the bar violate her.
[2023] She continued to struggle. Fukuda Fumio, who was at a loss, shouted, "Help me out here!" The father came over. She flailed her arms wildly, hitting the father in the face. The father let out a moan.
[2024] That moan made Fukuda Fumio's hand loosen for a moment. She took advantage of the opportunity to get up and picked up a stone bookend from her desk, hitting Fukuda Fumio's head with it. The unpleasant sensation crept up her arm, and the man fell to the ground.
[2025] She and her father were stunned. She had hit her father in the face with her flailing arms and made him bleed from the nose. It took a long time for the father to regain his composure. He walked over to Fukuda Fumio's side, trembling, and tentatively reached out to feel his pulse. Then, he paled and whispered, "He's dead."
[2026] Her father did not call the police. He was afraid that if he did, she would reveal his actions. They used her father's car to transport the body from their home in Nerima-ku, Saitama, and dispose of it on the banks of the Tama River.
[2027] - That night's events are still vividly etched in my memory. It was a bitterly cold December night. The sky was overcast, and there was no moon. The wind was icy, and the grass on the shore rustled. Of course, there was no one around. We parked the car by the shore, and he dragged the body out of the trunk and placed it on the ground. The body was in a prone position, perhaps because he was afraid to see the face of the corpse. I stood by, keeping watch, shivering uncontrollably. We then got back in the car and drove home...
[2028] Subsequent news reports mentioned a bloodstain on the sleeve of the victim's sweater that was suspected to be from the killer's blood, and she immediately realized that it must have been her father's blood, as she herself had not bled and it could only have been his.
[2029] - Since then, we have been in a state of truce. He has not abused me again. He is afraid that I will reveal the truth. Although I killed him, the blood on Fukuda Fumio's clothes belonged to him. If I insist that he was the one who killed the man, the police should not suspect me. So, he dare not touch me again.
[2030] They were never suspected by the police. Although her father and Fukuda Fumio met at the bar that day, the bartender was likely too busy to notice their conversation.
[2031] Her twisted truce with her father ended a year later when the father died in a car accident on his way home from the bar.
[2032] She was adopted by distant relatives. She discarded all of her father's belongings, keeping only his ashes. Her happiness finally came. The person who had abused her and shared the dark secret with her had passed away. She graduated from high school, enjoyed her college years, and eventually landed her dream job at a news organization.
[2033] She then fell in love with a colleague and got married. Five years later, she gave birth to a son. The cruel past seemed to have receded from her life.
[2034] - However, it was not so.
[2035] Unknowingly, she began to abuse her young son. She would get angry and hit him whenever he cried or disobeyed. To make matters worse, her husband was sent to the United States as a special envoy, leaving her and her son alone at home. Juggling her job as a reporter and caring for her child took a heavy toll on her. Her way of dealing with the pressure was to physically assault her son.
[2036] —— Is it possible that children who have been abused by their parents will also abuse their own children when they become parents? I'm afraid so.
[2037] However —— she thought —— but perhaps my father abused me because I'm not his biological child? He always called my mother, who had run away with another man, a "whore" and said things like "I don't have you as a child" in front of me. Could that be the truth?
[2038] Maybe I didn't inherit my father's blood. If I were really his daughter, how could he have let a man he met at the bar just assault me? He stood at the door, his eyes full of hatred. It was because I was the child of my mother's affair that he hated me so much, right?
[2039] She then reached a twisted conclusion.
[2040] He abused me because I'm not his biological child. But my son is my biological child, so I won't abuse him.
[2041] - As long as I can prove that I didn't inherit my father's bloodline, I won't abuse my son anymore.
[2042] This is obviously a distorted logic, but she believed it deeply.
[2043] To prove that I didn't inherit my father's bloodline, I need to do a DNA test. The only place where I can extract my father's DNA is his ashes. At first, she took her father's ashes to a private DNA testing institution and asked to compare her DNA with her father's. However, the testing institution told her that the DNA structure in the ashes had been completely destroyed by the high temperature of cremation and could not be used for DNA testing.
[2044] - No matter what, I have to find out. But the ashes won't talk.
[2045] Finally, she thought of the only place where her father's DNA was left. It was on the sleeve of the man she killed twenty-six years ago, her father's nosebleed.
[2046] However, Fukuda's sweater had been confiscated by the crime records office. She lied about conducting research and tried to visit the crime records office to see if there was a chance to steal the sweater. The conclusion was negative. The supervision was extremely strict, and there was no way to get in.
[2047] Thus, she decided to reenact the case from twenty-six years ago to let the police conduct blood tests for her.
[2048] She investigated the reader's submissions in the East Japan News and selected a twenty-four-year-old man named Watanabe Hiroshi who lived in Tokyo, as he resembled Fukuda Fumio.
[2049] She observed Watanabe Hiroshi's activities for a while. His life was very regular. He went to university, worked at a tutoring center, and lived in an apartment. He had no girlfriend. He was alone at night. He was an ideal target for murder.
[2050] She pretended to be planning a serialized column introducing young scholars and approached Watanabe Hiroshi. He did not suspect anything and agreed to the interview request. During the interview, she learned that Watanabe Hiroshi greatly respected a famous economist. She lied and said that she had conducted an interview with that scholar and that they had a good relationship. She promised to introduce him to that scholar if possible.
[2051] Then, on December 8th, she called Atarō Akagi at around 8 pm. She said that the scholar was now at her house and that she had told the scholar about Atarō Akagi. The scholar wanted to meet him. However, the scholar's schedule was tight, and he was leaving for a scholarly discussion in Britain tomorrow. He was only available tonight. He asked Atarō Akagi if he could come to her house tonight, and she would pick him up in her car. Atarō Akagi was overjoyed and agreed without hesitation.
[2052] She put her son to sleep early with sleeping pills and then drove Atarō Akagi to her apartment. After he got out of the car, she hit him on the head with the stone book she had used in the past, killing him. She then quickly hid the body in the trunk of the car and drove to the banks of the Tama River. She disposed of the body in the same way at the same location and smeared blood from the sweater's sleeve on it after her son fell asleep due to the drug effect.
[2053] - I'm sorry for Mr. Atarō Akagi, but everything was done for my son. As a mother, anyone would do the same, wouldn't they?
[2054] After the crime, she waited for the blood test results from the police. She even asked at a press conference if there was any blood relationship between the two blood samples.
[2055] However, she greatly miscalculated. The police did not intend to disclose the blood relationship between the two blood samples. She decided to relentlessly pursue the chief of the investigation department and do everything possible to find out the result.
[2056] However, before that, she was arrested. In exchange for the blood test results, she confessed her crime.
[2057] - Please tell me. Are there any blood ties between the two blood samples?
[2058] She pleaded with her eyes, and her eyes made the investigators shudder and feel sympathy. She told her that there was no blood relationship between the two blood samples.
[2059] - Thank you so much. Now I won't abuse my son anymore. It's all right.
[2060] She smiled peacefully, her face serene.
[2061] Inspector Yamazaki of the Homicide Department concluded his narration and said to Akane Sugita.
[2062] "Actually, the case of Fukuda Fumio's murder twenty-six years ago was the first case I handled after being transferred to the Homicide Department. I was not very successful, and I always regretted it. Thanks to you, we have finally found the killer. It feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders."
[2063] Thank you, Yamazaki, and deeply bowed. It turned out that there was such a story behind the Homicide Department Inspector's personal visit to the Crime Museum to take evidence and investigation materials. Akane Sugita nodded slightly.
[2064] Kono also bowed, without showing any sign of easing his hostility towards the "Akari Museum". Akane Sugita nodded lightly.
[2065] Akane Sugita led Yamazaki and Kono out of the director's office to the main entrance. Since Yamazaki was leaving, Akane Sugita had to come out to see him off. After all, Akane Sugita didn't show any intention to leave the chair.
[2066] "…Thank you," Naito mumbled softly.
[2067] "No problem," Akiba Matsuri replied.
[2068] A search vehicle was parked in the parking lot. Shibata Chief Inspector sat in the driver's seat. Shibata got out of the car and opened the doors for Yamazaki and Naito. He then turned to Akiba Matsuri and said with a scowl.
[2069] "You're quite something, kid. Well, it's just a matter of time before we see each other again."
[2070] "It's not just a matter of time, keep watching. There's more to come."
[2071] Hmph, you think so? Miyao grumbled and returned to the driver's seat, driving away.
[2072] Aki returned to the director's office. Kurenai Satsuki was still engrossed in reviewing the investigation files, without any sense of accomplishment from solving the case.
[2073] "By the way, it's quite impressive that you thought of 'proving that you don't have your father's blood' as a motive for the crime. Most people wouldn't think of that."
[2074] "I've thought about the same thing before."
[2075] Kurenai Satsuki murmured.
[2076] "Huh?"
[2077] Shingo couldn't help but look at her. What was that? Did she mean that she had also considered confirming her relationship with her father?
[2078] However, she stopped there and did not elaborate further. She returned to her cold and dignified demeanor, continuing to read through the documents.
